Recallant 2 fe TRA ALEXANDROVNA VAHRUSHI EVA1600 Harassuks? emprung)CODEPWCAHIEUABA I - BAyname or ucmpere ciuem u      Wozpápureckumu vrpclka su u cetqenis      moto hupogiques TABA II - Biorpappis 4-Xa aralu ti keypad      Ninospas "Anganazo har a Barpe mele Copen. 32 TABA III Dimondo de forecim. Ebmapa Comp. 156 TRABA IV- Leate caucma3 mestima que tem ciep217 TABA V- Cemei kas neu 21 u Muzike go da Comp. 417 SURABA VI-nemetoueen_______1_______God bless.VOSIIIIOLINANIYAPeter AlexandrovichVakhrusheva.Initial recollection until about 1880-85, according to my grandfather, father and uncle. and further - personal nodding and obviousness.These recollections began in 1919,dѣ, v Persii, where I lived eleven months .; then having moved to Paris, after a long break, I again began to correct the written and the continuation of the memoirs.I started nineteen centuries, in the village of Trofimov Sko, Vyatka province, Sloboda district, Stulovo volost, including other state / free towns / villages, and peasant housing Anim. Wahrushev. There were very few land lands, only three southern districts: Sarapul: Skom, Yelabuzhsky and Urkumsky there were no more than 17 on the other; therefore, noble assemblies and the leader of the nobility of the Vyatka province never existed. And there were never large peasants in the Vyatka province at all. On the contrary, there was a lot of state treasury forest, especially in the Slobodsky district, the upper reaches of the river Vyatka, the area called Kai. There were sold treasury bargains for cutting, so there were local foresters Usatov, Barak, , Zarkin and others who rafted_______2_______lѣsa along rѣkѣ Vyatkѣ up to Kama, here they were resold by Urzh umskim for industrialists: Shamov, Bushkov and others .; the last rafting of Vyatskie forest along Kamka and further along the Volga to Tsaritsyn and Astrakhan. In recent times, the Varaksins brothers themselves rafted down to Astrakhan, and there, all the sailing different tributaries of the Volga were already sorted and resold abroad.The peasant Anfim Vakhrushev had two sons: Timothy and Ivan and one daughter.After the death of Anrim, his sons, already having their own grown up children, were they divided. Younger Ivan, having one son with Alexey / godson Fyodor Timofeevich Vakhrushev /, from whom the grandchildren had already appeared: Yakov, Ilya and Mitrofan, decided to stay in his father’s house, in the village of Trofimov and continued to regret the peasant farm - land ownership.The eldest son Ans “ima, Timofei An imovmch, his wife, Irina Ilet, was even a very energetic, hardworking people and had already four sons: Par: zna, Fedor, Ivan and Ilya. They saw that it was impossible to live in the same house as the family of brother Ivan, since both had married sons and grandchildren. Then Timofey Anfimovich / approximately in 1840 and asked his peasants villagers to take him from a long estate to build his own house - either in the village of Tro Zimovskaya, or by sentence to give him a full sackland from the community of peasant land tenure; give the corresponding amount of land on the outskirts of common ownership, indicate such a plot of land and with a small amount of land on the right hand side of the regulation of Mochovitsa. The village is Trokhimovskaya, or B peasantsFThe stem called Vahrushi is located on the left side of the small river and on_______3_______sorrow, about a mile away from the river. All the land beyond the riverthose. On the right bank of Mokhovitsy it was considered remote and not fertile, the peasants almost did not use it, and they willingly extradited all Timofey An imovich Vakhrushev and his sons to complete independent branded ownership, as a settlement, and registered the Stulov volost in their own books: Malozavalin sky. Arable, courtyard and forest overgrowth sprang up in about 48 tithes and, moreover, in tens of meadow snowy lands located on the left bank of the Vyatka River, at Stulovo * xe volost, near the stone cut I was called quarry or out of the quarry. So common nadѣl received by Timofei Animovich. The peasants of the village of Trosimovskoy expressed themselves at about 50-51 ests.Two tithes, the most extreme places, urochki, Timotei Anfimovich took the heights of the estate, or it was called peasantly: courtyard plots for building houses for his sons. At first there was built one small wooden house or, rather, a one-story village hut with a fence behind a thin wooden fennel, small ears rooms with one window., With a large stove in the middle, and with two floors, that is. the furnace and the floors and shops under the windows / served as the whole seven bedrooms [which is ordinary and so far in all the peasant farms of the Vyatka province /. Timofey And imovich the past of the peasants of Nin, built up, stooped, stooped, fully dressed like a peasant, and simple, commonplace clothing for peasants: a long, colorful swag_______4_______belt, shirts from the canvas of his product, pants and bast shoes, and on holidays boots with high shafts, smeared with money. He was very economical and thrifty, the so-called skopidomy; not literate, but his children considered it necessary. learn to read and write.When he rode on a horse, Timofey Anfimovich bent forward and bent his head, so even in the village of Trofimov he was nicknamed “Yoke” / this is a fitting - a half-arch that serves as a peasant’s farm, which is covered in water, and at the end of the rocker arm are suspended two buckets of water? /.This nickname is inherited from the father and all his offspring; the peasants who were in the district called him Timka-rocker, his children were called not by Amiliyam, but Timins or rocker, but BE official books were registered in the Stulov volost, as if to follow, the surname of Vakhrushev, Timofey Anfimovichovich sons.The hut or the house of Timofei Anfimovich was no different from the peasant buildings. dalennyak, there are three small windows on the street, the gates are sandy with a small fence and a wicket, on the other side there is a small barn for ssypki zita, i.e. grain and cellars on the opposite side of the street, through a little bit of sun or a corridor. I soot. The farmyard for the horse and the cow adjoined the house, and above it, they drove the cattle for feed, i.e. for sѣna, straw and Myakina; house with barnyard. to cover the former with one common tevskoy roof, and the whole yard - a fence, that is, a gap between the house and the granary, to cover the former with straw, whereѣ / ie. go upІ.four._______5_______with a broken roof / rain and snow carts, sledges and agricultural plows and harrows were stored.Behind the cattle yard there was a garden for growing vegetables: potatoes, rye, cabbage and others, and at the end of the yard there was a fenced meadow with barn and straw covered with threshing floor. for threshing bread, BE is hand-held with chains, also called hammers.The eldest two sons of Timofei Antimovich were married back in the village of Trofimov, before moving to the village of Kalozavalinsky.IIaren Timofeevich married 18 years to a peasant woman. dѣvitsѣ, daughter of the Vyatskago blacksmith’s uzda district of Bobinsky volost, village of Kosolapovskaya, 16 years old, Agnii Maksimovna Kosolapova. The guy was not called up for military service, taking advantage of the law of the privilege of the 1st category, like the eldest son left for housekeeping and maintenance of his parents, and for the remaining 3 sons Timofey. Andes Imovich were hired and sent to military service.hired by contract mercenaries that at the beginning of the nineteenth century the law of the State of Russia was still permissible.Fyodor Timofeevich also married 18 years to a peasant woman’s daughter-in-law from Vyatskovo uvda, Pasechivsky volost, the village of Perestorninskaya, Anna Egorovna Perestoronina, 16 years old, and Ivan and Ilya to little village the little village of Malozavalin passed.With this family Timorey Antimovich moved to the settlement. his sister is also a childless widow.Settling on a settlement, all in one of the houses, Timothy Anfi movich with two sons and 4 women began to work intensively and fertilize all the land allotted to them to grow.-_______6_______tillage. Having completed their work, we went to rent a day to earn some cents, which were all given to the old man. At the same time, according to the Highest Order, all postal tracts were planted with birch trees on the side of the road, gutters dug, and two rows of birch trees were planted behind the ditches. To do this, they hired local peasants by the day, or surrendered to them detachment. Timofey Anfimovich did not miss this earnings. At first he worked with 4 of his family women by the day, and then he preferred to take on the detachment, in batches of 200-300 birches. He undertook, at his full responsibility, to bring small, forest and wasteland, versts for 30–40 from the village of Talozavalinskaya /, plant birch trees at the indicated location on the postal tract, to fence the planting Damage to the peasant cattle / manufactured for feed on the fields and go for a drive on unencumbered sites. Responsibility for planted trees continues for a year or two, until the tree finally grows. For such work, the treasury paid a few hills for each growing tree, as well as for digging a BE ditch, the length of the entire road, on the side of the postal tract to drain water after rains. The city of Vyatka, the city of Slobodsky, has 32 versts. The village of Malozavalinsky was located just near this tract, at the 22nd verst of Vyatka and at the II-of Slobodsky. This postal tract was part of the great Siberian route back to the time of Empress Anna Ioannovna and Catherine II. Political criminals and convicts referred to Siberia via Vologda - Vyatka - Slobodskaya - Perm - Tyumen along this route from Siberia, and under Nikolay I this part of the route-------------e_______7_______i.e. between Vyatka and Slobodsky, planted with birches. There was a legend that sometimes convicts broke up chains and took off, and hid in the forest, on the 15th verst from Vyatka, on Bo Боkowsko? dear, or on the 24th verst, to the club of Ukovskaya mountains, and the peasants left them bread at night. But the majority didn’t lie about this legend, since the forest was not big, not the Siberian taiga, you can’t hide here.Despite the decile earnings and hard earthen labor, Timofey Ande imovich energetically took up the whole family’s business, and the result was that he saved the first hundred thousand rubles from this earnings. Considering himself to be happy and rich in housekeeping, he began to buy and feed 2-3 w. In the year of calf calves, which, being bought at 2-3 rubles, in a year. they were grown, they were sold at 20-30 rubles and, in addition, manure remained for fertilizing the land for the sake of cultivation. In the following years, the calf feeding has already reached 10 pieces. in a year and more, the benefit of the gobies has already begun to reach 100 rubles. and more annually, and, most importantly, more and more fertilizer was obtained. All of the expelled land of Timofey Ans imovich was not fertile, and from the past, it turned very fertile; Timosey Anfimovich grew up not only for himself, but not for surplus. In sѣ the peasants began to consider the rocker Tim to be God's, They were jealous and wondered - Where did his day come from; rumors circulated that living with the postal truck didn’t rob any merchant who had passed through. But at that time there were no robberies tactically, neither BE Slobodsky, nor Vyatsky district and, of course, all absurd assumptions and rumors were soon destroyed by themselves. With increased bull feed,*_______8_______Every year over a dozen, Timosey Anfimovich did not have enough food, especially sleep. He foresaw that beyond the Vyatka river, near its snowy plots, there is a huge area of ​​wasteland, swampy land, flooded by the spring floods of the Vyatka river. On it, back in the eighteenth century, there was a rain that belonged to the entire Stulovo volost, just like Ramene, and not attributed to any village. Since it was bad and stood in the swamps, no one wanted to take it and pay for it although a small tax was filed. All this forest, as well as in Ramen, was cut down and transported by peasants of the entire volost for firewood, and the swamp with rotting stumps remained and no one paid attention to it. Timofey Ans imovich offered society all volosts: by sentence, give him all this swamp and kill for himself, with payment of all official arrears and tax in the future. Everything was OK, and if you got ownership of a large meadow swamp area of ​​the land, he energetically began with his second son. Fedorom and with. To dry this swamp with 2 or 3 hired workers by E digging down the gutters along the entire swamp towards Lake Buzark. Thus, along the ditches, all the swamp water and the spring that remained from the snow and after the spill of the Vyatka river began to flow immediately into Lake Buzarka every year. For about 2-3 years, it was dry. Every autumn, after harvesting, ҳlҳbov, Feod Timofeevich with 3-4 workers went 2-3 months to this site, shorter rotten stumps and cut earthen hummocks. Gradually, a flat meadow plowed, or 8a heavy meadows, resulting in good sleep, turned out to work this way. During 5 or 6 years, in autumn - s. August to November, i.e.-_______9_______before the first snow, are she cold? and the rainy period of the year, as a result, it turned out that about a hundred carriages of sleep were removed annually, which was not only enough to feed our cattle, but partly we brought Slobodskaya to the bazaar for sale. From the sale of surplus bread and sugar, money savings appear - 2-3 hundred rubles. Then Timofei Anfimovich E, EE help the peasant farm to get the bricks out of the labor of his family. There was a large meadow on one of the spare courtyards near the tract, on the right corner of the street and the tract, and brick sheds and ramparts were built in it for burning bricks; they dug clay clay * e, exalted. You are the first years of its work of bricks was from 10 to 20 thousand pieces per year. Half of the bricks were left annually to build, ku, and the rest of the old man and grandchildren drove PE Slobodskoy, previously resell to any of the urban householders for construction.Of the bricks left for ourselves in the same lucca, first of all, two stone wines were built with double arches and a big wooden, covered with wood, threshing floor for prayers. Then the building was started to a two-story semi-stone house, the size. 5 saya. along the streets and 4 soot. inside, with cattle in rumi behind, and all the same one wooden roof. This is intended by the old man for the elder son, for children with children. After E 30 or 35, at that time, already after the death of Paren, there was: Timofey Arsenovich a few rebuilds, expansions and cover with the body, the slot yard is broken and the supply is separate but new.Having finished the construction of the house for the 1st son, old TimostiІ_______10_______Two years later, all of the E CEO AXE bricks were arranged next to separate identities to build houses for the second son of a hip, but they already thought it was more profitable and practical to build the whole house two-story *, stone, the same size 5x4 and a 5th window along the street, with a barnyard under one wooden roof in the rear. Through 20, during the life of Fedor Timofeevich, this house was rasіiren, added in length along the streets with soot. and the width is: Seny, overwrite kelѣzol. At the end, after the certificate of Fyodor Tikhoevich, with the distribution of a son: this house became the youngest of his sons Stepan, Ivan and Vasily, and with a further seven separation of the latter, the youngest went to Vasilin. The cattle yards, during the rebuilding of this house, were built new wooden separately on that same yard, but already under the gully roof ?.At the same time, a bureaucratic shed and barn, Timofey Anfimovich p111l, to arrange for the elders ҳ sons a more substantial trade promotion: Ilennoe production: the production of linseed oil in a small amount of 2-3 poods weekly. For oil production, on a separate courtyard, against the house of Paren Timofeevich, a wooden one-storeyed ba was set in size. 13 arshinis in a squareѣ and behind her shed. From the middle there was a large oven for roasting the bake, and from the last day - a bun for butter, and for Rybraniya become large wooden beads of flaxseed change. And in the sarah, behind the oil hut, a crowd was arranged in the middle of the cows: Christmas trees with pestles, which were in the past with modular horse-drawn drives / Sotoryansky for crushing, i.e.one.Xnartt_______11_______for crushing flaxseed. For the same purpose of the BE field, behind an oil establishment, a second wing, with wings, was arranged on a high wooden stand. The bolt on the stand rotated around on a thick iron rod, on the called trigger; it was used during the morning • the crush turned its wings on the blow of the morning, and the last days used like free motor force, and when the weather is no, then thewhose horse was allowed to go. Both for brick production and for the oil mill of the hired establishment, hired workers were not kept, but everything was handled by their family, including 5 to 6 years of age to be given to teenagers. The last one was given a strong job at an oil mill: to drive a horse in Kryvyansk - to smoke, or when tossing into a sommyan stove to turn one over, or to lay in a furnace in rows of koloby. The grandchildren didn’t really like the last two, although the work was easy, but in a hot-heated furnace, the temperature was impossible to be hot, and even older and in a hurry to set aside quickly so as not to freeze the furnace. The child before that lay down that fainting is going on with them, pull it out, take it to the cold in the morning to lie down. Instead, he should plant a furnace for laying the second one, and then fainting with the second one, he will be replaced by the third, fourth, and then the first ones will be cured, he will again love the laying furnace, followed by the second one, and so on, until the linen flakes are full . In later years, the eldest sons of Parten, Vasily and Timofey, and Fedorovich, Alexander and Pavel, recalled this work for a long time. It was necessary to take out the oil from E to the lobyev with heavy wooden suspensions and clappers with great force, and for this the younger sons — Ivan and Ilya — were already intended for the father, and sometimes.. ...._______12_______- by: ogalls and oldies ie - PahheHE and besher, and Timothy Anfimo themselvesHIVBUT.It should be noted that although Timosey Anfimovich and him on Irina Petrovna themselves were not literate, they considered it necessary to teach their sons and grandfather to read and write and know the prayer of the Battle: iҳҳE. To do this, by the time the school age was 7-8 years old, the town of Slobodsko, KE meschanskaya prostirnі at the church /, Yekaterina Borisovna Aga onovo were taken away for the winter. At the same time, a bag was brought, i.e. a small bag of bread, potatoes, peas, sprinkles, etc. for a week or 2, and then weekly products were added. Of these products, it was not the teacher who cooked pizza for students and fed them and taught them to read the hymnal and hourly books, and write the next year, so the course of study passed - a year to read and a year to write, but for little ones. - 2 years for both. And for all this, a fee was set at three rubles for learning to read, and three rubles for a granddaughter to write. This 3: e fee included rewards for the apartment and for the manufacture of pi qi and spying on children, i.e. for the same money, scuffling with rods or intact :: l. ruler on the headѣ. But in general, they loved her and from 10 to 15 pupils gathered annually from her. In the last years our old people - Guy, Fedor, Ivan and Ilya until the very deathThey remembered her with gratitude and said as a joke that they had finished the course at Catherine’s Universityѣ / i.e. at Eka Terina BorisoEny.After her death, Ivan Timofeevich, Ilya Timozheevich, Vasya and Timoy Parfenovich, Aleksyandry and Pavel Fedorovich before learningDid you have a mustache in your parish? the village of Spassko-Podgurshinsky, with the psalmist Elizarovich, approximately on the same conditions,- -_______13_______- or a little more expensive - 3-4 rubles for the winter, renting apartments and making food from weekly delivered food by parents study. Learning was also limited to whether 15 um читатьnіem read, write, know pray Vin and count to hundreds. As a result, already at a commercial point, all of them self-taught * learned a little arithmetic, PE, offered sentences and subtracted, and multiplication or division tables, none of them}8nal..:Also, none of them read any books or newspapers, didn’t have the understanding of the theater or other cultural attractions, didn’t they have any addiction to sports, nor to hunting, nor to card? gamesѣ or revelry. In ѣ there were devout religions; although you lived in the village of Alozavalinskaya, you are 7 versts from your nearest parish church, but from the time of Imopheus An ”and movich until the last time it was established that every Sunday and twelfth holidays always be sure to: - we go to the village of Spassky ki for matins and kinship. The old RE semen% all decree: to eat at night, to whom is it, and for what shadi to be, and if someone happens to have a birthday day among the week’s working day, then he’s been released for half a day About work; a horse was given to him and he had to go to the town of Slobodskoy for mutual worship and celebrate a prayer service, a fact like a town, especially in monasteries, the liturgy was served daily, and BE was only served on holidays.When is the third son. Timo dei Antimovich Ivan reached 18 years of age, he married the girls - the daughter of Andrei Fedorovich Tregubov, Ann Anreevna * 1. 2 years. At that time A.F. TreGBgubernia was considered for wealthy, wealthy peasant – man_______14_______a horse, for it had a small establishment, working out with his works with his wife and two daughters, up to a thousand skins, changing men’s calf, mutton and colt. In addition, he had a crush for crushing willow bark for tanning himself, selling excess crushed bark to the side on the same small tanneries.Relatives of Vliya eat to T.A. Bakhrunevѣ, A. .. Tregubov proposed to the new saint Timofei Antimovich to release his third son to be one year old, that is, Tregubov’s son-in-law together with his young wife BE teaching, i.e. to teach him to independently extend and tan skin. If after a year you want to stay with Tregubov, then the last one will pay Timofey An imovich for the work of his son-in-law's salary, and if the old wish Timoy at will! An “imovich to open his tanning case, then A. V. Tregubov gave the word to hold back and immediately release his son-in-law and daughter back to the village of Malozavalinsky, K. T. Vakhrushev. Timoe Ans imovich immediately realized that it was very interesting, and the proposed alternative was acceptable;for the sake of visibility, he consulted with his elders and sons, believing thatthe science of craft is not a narrow one and it would be better not to ask if it ever comes in handy: * p. “God's help” can be ME: sometime afterwards, just like Tregubov, let’s tarnish. "Now they decided to let go. They prayed to God, shook hands and were sent. No written contracts or conditions were known then, Pray to Icono? Now, Ivan Timo Feevich and his wife went to Tregubov’s village, called Pokach, located on the left bank of the Vyatka River, in Stu_______15_______and!elevenFROMfishing e volost. Work out with father-in-law A. Tregubov’s year, Ivan Tikhoevich E with his wife returned to his father’s home already as a special tanner. Immediately to the same courtyard with a wooden one-story building: A house, where the old man lived, Timo Teff Antimovich at 1. our sons, not far from: but, on the banks of the Pohovin River, a wooden square was built from 13 ar ETINE BE square, in which one Zolnik ӣ and one tannin * chan and 2-3 kad ugiki were delivered for: horse theft, called Kiselan MERBA and, and for reference in tannic juice of koi, called - I am a juice. Me There are no such cutoffs! By the beginning of 1855, Tikhogei An * Ovich Vakhrutov and his sons of leather were not founded? a makeshift backwater, for work in which all the other sons and seniors Enuchata, those under management and leadership, were transferred from the oil mill. | Jana. Timogeevich, But so far they have not thrown either a small business or brick production. Last, i.e. brick, old men themselves. Tim axes Ans imovich si ken e and old sons and si junior grandchildren. Creamery? - Nam was led by the Guy and the Dedori and UdeI ѣli І-2 hired workers, and the eldest sons of Par'en and Fedor worked transversely: 10 in the oil mill and the leather one. The last one was of more interest to them, like a novelty, but physically, apparently, it was easier, and there was a competition: they all saw that Ivan Timoteevich had worked 5 for one year. Tregubov’s, and most often y: e, is a specialist, lead the whole house, and then at Par’s wife and hip, I wanted their sons to study the matter as much as they could, and in case of sharing, every day: 42, his specialty. Take and Ilya Timo eevich, being a more idle, about seventeen, then all 1 tried to; just go through the oil mill -eRі t.bfromat(-іFROM::_______16_______on the tannery and to study it completely. Old Tilno, he found it right and encouraged him: “Try, learn all the root business, God will cut it, you will be all tanners throughout the factory.” 11 and Ivan Ti urine did not contradict this fear of competition, but vice versa, be glad that his father was pleased to learn and encourage him, and by setting him apart, make him work and listen to the indicated !! van. According to the leaves in Slobodskoy: there were still very few tanneries, even artisanal ones, and a lot of slaughtering artisans appeared a lot, almost all the way to the villages, and the buttery Tloe became less mustache than the ten volumes at a time. Den Ezhnyaya means by that time at Timo Rey AnimOE Icha reached up to 1000 rubles and spit for a small house and three pre-riyatiya: Enti Ichnoe, masovoi nye and hochseve: Esa.Be the first year in the throat: the new Yawning was hit about 2E CR, different KOEF, raw materials 50 si and bought were the city of Sloboda, skov: I from 21 yasnikov, and the leathers sold were sold the same to the bazaar: Nikami, and last and you are the city ѣ Vyatka ѣ call Oya: Nickel and the shopkeeper: E NORTH-merchants. While I worked at the time of purchase and sale exclusively with My own hands, I’m not 15: at the same time no one had any overhead expenses, it turned out that for the first year of net income or benefit 10 rubles per koyau; so that the capital is in the Sea of ​​Ti. Anrimovich almost doubled in a year. They started to gradually increase the number of people: an eclipse; even the tanning leather “they used to put a second chan dubal”, the repetitive and VE worked for the second year, twice as much. During this time, married and last*T.BUTtfromone_______17_______what? Timofey’s sons, Ilya Timot Eevich, 19 years old, on the daughter of a tannery breeder, a peasant of the Vyatka district, Bobinsky volost, the village of Olgur Insko, Ivan Vasilievich Dolgushin, dvitsa Ann Ivanovna Dolguglivoy, 17 years old. At that time, Timofei Antimovich’s capital was already about five thousand rubles, which at that time was considered pain already! Io? sums - J. But the duty of Yishin began to tanner for a few years before the Vakhrushevs and was considered richer in Vakhrushevakh, but still willingly gave his daughter out for a peasant - tanner Vakhrushev, considering him equal to himself. At the wedding, taking a walk on-the-merry, the matchmakers were open. I.V. Dolgunin to say Timoten An .: “Swat, I’ve already got tens of thousands of rubles for housing; what about you?” Timofei Anfimovich, being ashamed to say his exact amount, rejects: “Thank God, and I made a little money”, so and without agreement - how much.the tannery of Timogei Anfimovich with his sons was growing every year, but the brick and oil mills continued without increase, the bricks were almost no longer sold to the side, and little by little they began to build four stone plants on both banks of the Mochovitsa river, intersected by a street along jealousy falozak. For the construction of two factories on the left. about 150 sazhen and 50 sahany otchka along the street were bought from the bank of the Mochovitsa river near the Trofimovskaya village along the river, i.e. direction to the village of Trofimovskaya. Through the river a good wooden bridge was built, with a pond and lucky riders on the river, and through this bridge in the villages of Malozavalinsky byl, a country road was laid from the postal road to the village of Trogimovskaya and to the villages of Volkhovo and SpasskoeBUT.қJAN._______18_______and further. For an additional purchase of land, the village of Tros imovsky was paid with money a few hundred rubles and the transfer of laziness to a small snow-covered plot near the river Vyatka.At the same time, approximately in the year 1862-3, T.A. Vahru sheva suffered a misfortune: the whole wooden goat factory and with it the wooden old one-story house in which there lived seven old people Timo e Antimovich with his younger sons /, burned to the ground. During a fire, pulling goods through a window and 8. On the first hand of the factory, Ilya Timofeevich severely wounded his hand with glass, cut a vein and bleeding. Call the doctor from the village of Slobodsky Zemsky. Having provided first aid, they said that he was so seriously injured that he could not vouch for a favorable history. At that time, the procession went through the village - icons from the Slobodsky male monk of the seam, which walked annually from Slobodsky Vyatka in the spring of BE on the end of the month, and then passed throughout the Vyatka province. For those who wish, a prayer service, and then already, at the end of December, Christmas, return to Her Sloboda Monastery. At times during the fire, they passed through the 2 village of Malozavalin. Jeromonakh, accompanying the icon, was asked to serve a prayer service and to confess and partake of the dying wounded Ilya Tiy about Eevich. After the sacrament, he painfully fell asleep, and the eclipse, even surprised by the doctor, gradually began to recover, Timofey Anfimovich and the whole family recognized this miraculous of God and gave the promise that every year, when passing through the village of Malozavalin, this or another religious walk accept icons and serve in all houses or plants thanksgiving prayers. So atIt was executed and further offspring..En !atPCe3_______19_______On the site of the burning of the house and the plant, they began to build an all-hour two-story 5 s. x4 house, with attached livestock yards, for Ivan Timofeevich, and a tannery of a two-story small stone factory with a gable roof, with a productivity of 50 leathers daily, for him. At the same time, the other three plants of the same size were arranged, as well as the 4th half-stone, 5th saya. on 4 two-story house. with a barnyard, is it desirable? roof, on the left bank of the river Mochovitsy, next to a small tanneries, arranged for Timofeevich Leah. Eskorѣ after this died Timothy Antimovich. “His gene, Irina Petrovna, stayed in the same house, where she lived with her husband, that is, Ivan Timo Eevich. His sons went to four houses at a time, each with his family, continuing all his“ factories work on the skin, but at the expense of the general. Factories were built as at home at their home, with the exception of Timofeevich’s guy. Ubedor and Ivan Tinioevich factories and houses were on the right side of the river, while Ilya and IIar, hen were plants on the left side of the river, and the house. The guy was on the right side of the back of Fyodor’s house and below the large hole, which later, as was said above, remained Ty4 o. it to Par Enovich, and the rest of the sons of Parfait, five years after his death / Andrei and Vasiliy Par fenovichi / built a large stone: a 2-storey house near its factory.After the fire, beaten the sixties, all the brothers sought to make all the buildings, like houses, and for water, if possible stone and cover not only stone, but even wooden embars with iron, and they began to remove the cattle yards from the house, set them separately and also covered with gland; dere- twenty .THE JANNEY OF GRAVES Yesen learned and the oenes. 18 Here, the glands were frozen-i ts: - Atone .._______20_______And, painted with their green malachite, and with broken roofs and covered fences for a sled, there wasn’t even a trace of the sixties, for the sake of preservation, there were plenty of snow and snow, and shutters and am bars were also set up, and there were also some awnings kelѣzom and Beyond these navigations we kept trolleys and sledges and vi: ѣ daily crews, called tarantases and wagons; at. afterwards, for more valuable crews, BE was arranged at the same bar or under the carriage canopy.Soon after the death of Timosey Animovich, widow Fedor Timot Eevich. The mother of his first wife left Her two children alive: Alexander and Panel, both small. A year later he * married a second: 51: 1 legal marriage to a peasant girl, Ol g. Pavlovna Pestova, with whom he lived forty years and had a lot of dha from her.When the Russian plants were completed, and each was adapted to produce up to 50 leathers: one day, two or three years, the general process continued for all four plants, although all lived in different 4 houses. The total production output was already up to 10,000 leathers BE every year, then sy - NORYa Timofey Animo Eicha richi or amiably and peacefully times away. At home, written in a separate act, all goods and money were notified to Her opinion. One hundred thousand rubles were made, which were divided into four equal parts, as well as for all. XE four were evenly tanned over Baud and at home. Stone sheep, luoki, land and arable land left the same amount of ownership, but used by all four, and BE followed and the rest was divided intofourteenT.I here.-_______21_______- 2. 4 equal parts. The first common section between the brothers and the other day was in 1868. Since this year, each brother has commanded his own independent cause, the elder two brothers Parthen and Hip, living in different houses, for another two years led a commonsacrifice, and then split up and they finally, but were buying and selling goods.Brick production ceased with the death of Timofei An imovich, and soon thereafter ceased oil-resistant; although the creamery hut stood until 1892, and the garbage crust until 1885. When the brothers had a pretext: Or their mother, Irin Petrovna, to go to live at her choice with her son, with whom she would have sex. This time she also wished to stay in Tom Dong, where strength with her husband ѣ, i.e. from. Ivanov Timoseevich. She died around 1880 and she is buried and Timofey Anti-movich E BE sat down. Spassky.At the moment I ragdul between the brothers Vakhrushevs, i.e. at. 1868, the beginning of the war in Russia with the Turtsieft coincided.From E 110 Sq. Lola onovichPevzner, steel buying ready-made leathers for delivery to the archives and rents To eat small tanneries to increase the processing and work exclusively for the company from the latest raw materials.In ѣ 4 brothers Vakhrupe PEX contracted to work forKaxib Dіolkіelya of 10,000 leathers a year, handing over co- and whole, i.e. undisclosed, and their relatives I.V. Dolguliki, in advance to slightly increase their backwater, contracted work for tenants from 15 to 20 thousand leather annually. Paralh..one.. ...g3RrE.іandfromtt_______22_______ITS Slobodskoy honey and Vyatka district have a small former 1. EUR? E? t1e plant: Lagunova, Stolbovyh and Galitskago zarendo-al kazinsky croupEET supplier to Armenia Alas Uzov. In addition, the city ”dѣ Ejatkѣ were sanost () 1nually suppliers to the army - toYezen: the breeders of the Poskrebyshevs and the Laptev brothers, and to Slobod at SklobodTen! " Both the Fate and the Sloboda Factory, although independently, were supplied to the army during the Russo. Turkish sold goods, but only produced exclusively at their own plants and comparatively wiped Alas uzov and pusher, there were many more, golkiel was then the largest post, and he was eager to go everywhere, where he needed to rent big heiferous factories. For small breeders, there would be a condition: having a backwater, or you didn’t have to endorse a working license for the purchase of raw materials. Raw materials were bought, both at NN, DONKHI rivers, and at fairs through thesee small breeders, but with the money of the tenant 1olkiel or..atfromone.at.ANDіAnd that is a bond. Reliable breeders, like theirs to European or freet11: 2 from the bow! Gie, once we went through the yarmarok and base ra4E, bought up•one.raw materials - leather according to the indicated trustees, informing the telegrams immediately about purchases of the trust, and sending, also at the expense of the litter, the raw materials to their own ", or according to the indication of the grantor to other plants. For the materials the breeder, Molkiele ... and Alauzovs made. 8 At that time, the breeders paid 1 ruble each, and the breeder’s benefit was left with wool and shavings, that is, leather ash, which goes to the wood glue; from wool and mezdrn at that time did breeders help another 50-60 kopecks. smiling skin. Kateryaly - willow bark, lime, tarone.5:"f.HA_______23_______the hands and hands of those were then very woods, and E. Vyat — of the provinces, for the absence of any other apricots and plant, mothers. And: the workers. Was all the guberniya cheaper then? Apparently, this happened in accordance with the official growth of cohesion factories of the Vyatsk Governorate.During the Russo-Turkish war, KE 1870-1875, the productivity of all plants of the Vyatka province reached oud? up to half a million it is skin every year, even personally 4 brothers of Vakhrushe have already produced from one hundred to one hundred and fifty thousand BE. : o i ° and the productivity of the Zakhod Vakhrushevs increased to a large xX times times, then the Vyatka breeders, brothersThe tappers and the Poskrebidevs saw that Tolkіel strongly compete with them, and so. e and Ala ouzo: 32, due to timely delivery) Are they the same as the small Vyatka and Sloboda handicraft plants !! b and calico 50? Costs Do you need to build yourself? ki, increased production at 3:30 d: / the productivity of these factories with huge benefits for themselves. Then the Gatevіn and Poskreby1evs gradually began to persuade all small breeders, after expiring arenas of a kind, not to renew their contracts and to work for the treasury: Os'Ornelno ѣ theirs i.e. Si Laptevsko and Poskrebі: le vskuyu ambition Bu. Gradually see. - the drivers began to agree and at first moved away from the interpreter “Timothy, Fuck and Hip Timo: Eevich Takhrushevs, working with the support of the Vyatsky suppliers, and Ilya Timoseevich and Dolushins worked for a little more !! soon Turkish war! demand: the commodity has been ratified, the small breeders, working independently, took losses from the remainder of the goods, and the lawyers left them for rentPETR * 1 2 3RINEE_______24_______1.1olkіelya and lauzova, all their production was handed over under the contract n: !! price: 1E C3 11: counterparty. E. Ethin breeders did not have a loss, on the contrary, they didn’t have this goth at all: previous previous years. Because the capital of Tolgutin and !! b! The draw "of Vakhrushev VI: one year turned out to be 2 or 3 times larger than the brothers Par’en, Fedor n !! van Ti! Oseevich1 ahruіnez-x.The toast of the end of the Turkish-Russian vozhna, neither! Polkiel, nor Ala “didn’t call you to rent anywhere else. Tolkielall 45 to stop tanning ezé during the war, having arranged: chug! 10-year factory of about 10 wells for casting to sting for iyi ek, but it was unsuccessful: iti, and thanks to this (went bankrupt. Zlobodsko "Alexan} {ditch stopped : Even life and Ko Eva: a backwater on emyankѣ peredulal on beerborn and distillery: New code: I and moved with CE gemy to a resident of Kazan. Ala Uzoye had his own large tannery back to the Gazani, and the factory still had factories in Kalishlovy ІІер of the provincial government, and in the city of јeriai bought more than one year after the bankruptcy of the Epe: Vega certificate. In the future, AlabuzOVE continued a lot of cre !! I: 0 bid on an army of some Enno-san oyanago goods, but E. gene raz11ѣ rakhIIris from his zako to vѣ. Therefore, all :: brothers! the force of the need to conduct a massive production on their own came. The elder brothers finben and hip were afraid to immediately start betting on the army through Intent, and so the koyai sent a quick ticket to Soko, and they rented a kame to Soko !! I had a 10-room pantry for a year and took a common small apartment, in which? and yachts Alexander Redorovich and Andre Parenovchch with their wives. 1, selling leather BE Okhotny Ryad Moscow merchants Orlov, Noshkin,_______25_______ Baҳrush by others and others. After a year or two, they decided that it wasn’t worth selling the whole blocks, cutting and processing the BE OSquѣ for an extract, i.e. on hooks for samog; in that not KEҢ etirѣ, ITS Ovchinnikovsky Laneѣ, BE basement floorѣ, opened a garden workshop. lio worked VE About two years, we decided to transfer the planting workshop to the factories at the de Galozavadinskaya factory; then Eremya, when there was a terrible Anasser Vakhrushchevs ’Esken Ов Ovchinnik) vskom lane3, for the opening, I was a horse when I was carrying: and close and hiccup from Kazan, working111ҳ at Alabuzovskie factories. In this way, the skin was cut to stretch andat the same time, ITS pains! 0: 2 quantities, cut or front and lower leg of a breech soldier's specimen according to descriptions. commissariat. Father II, roaring this quartz fat: He didn’t get the goods, they sold him there. To Contractor Potapenk, who was at the warehouse! E and trade in leather goods: AND BE OSKVѣ, ITS UNDERGROUND floor, rise to the sand exchange, on the street ѣlinkѣ, after closing Posadno? Workshop vi !! Oskvѣ, Emsto Aleksandra Sedorovich, began to live BE {O Svѣ [Pavel gedorovichE with his wife and children, and Andrei Ilar enovich, TOE: e with his * family. They’ll have a look at Kokorevka and another apartment in the church doorway at the Church of Soii, on Sogіy Skoy embankment: But there’s no way, next to Kokorev I skid the courtyard of E.The brothers Ivan and !! Leah Tikhoevich, upon completion of the contracts with CE Tolkiy Elem, immediately began to themselves: They thoroughly enslave the sapon goods for the army, 110 becoming through nendantism, Of course noteverything went smoothly and well at once! A. Cutting everything at home forone_______26_______ water, the first time they also brought cutters and 8. Kazan, the former Alad of Uzovskys, through them taught their young workers who are quick-witted and able-bodied, the CE is good, sober behavior.For the delivery of goods. For the commissariat and for the sale of excess leather goods, Ivan and Ilya also took separate warehousesIt’s the Kokorevsky Compound, and their sons slept in the rooms, in the back building of the Kokorevsky Compound. For the first time, the Ilya plant’s mother was Nikolai Ilyich, and Ivan was the eldest son. Ivan Ivanovich. Then soon Niko was replaced by his older brother. By Alexander. Ilyich, and Ivan Ivanovich was replaced by Mikhail. Ivanovich, which then. ten ten lived in Moscow, in different apartments, trading each independently from their own separate warehouse. The first delivery of goods was in St. Petersburg Quartermaster's Warehouse. Not knowing completely the order of the Quartermaster, Alexander!oneIlyich and Ivan Ivanovich began to familiarize themselves through the soldierand watchmen работающих working in the quartermaster’s office. Due to the fact that he had a relationship with the Quartermaster, Alexander Ilyich liked Dmitry Ivanovich. Filipov, very activeand a savvy man who gave him very useful advice and practical guidance. He came from the Olonets province, where his father was a merchant in Olonetsk. But in life they were Petersburgers, since they were still a little boy, after the death of their father, to be brought up by their uncles, whoseRago and got his first commercial experience in his explicit trade in St. Petersburg. With the quartermaster’s home. They met, working with Emelyanov, a supplier of canvas and others_______27_______ Varov. Only after acquiring experience and connections, he began to work independently, with Alexander Ilyich Vakhrushev, phosphonium and Chikin metallurgical plants on Siverskaya being one of his first classes. Having made a nervous pain of delivery of goods to the treasury, with the assistance of Dr. Filipova, the next change has already begun to instruct D.I. Filipov, first to the St. Petersburg warehouse, and then to Dvinsky, D.I. Filipov, after the marriage, married and bought his house in Petersburg on Vasilievsky Ostrov, in the second line, having bought it for the current one, about 200,000 rubles, and you Arkhangelsk did not return. Zatѣm D.I. Filipov was already a common deliverer. from all the Vyatsky suppliers, not only the Vakhrushevs, but also the Laptevs, Poskrebyshevs and Fofanovs, and in the end the Duty of the Shins, So there was mutual benefit: The Vakhrushevs thankfully recalled that for the first time in contractVakhrushev D.I. Filipov. In turn, D.I. Filipov, until the revolution, having remained docile in St. Petersburg’s warehouse of All the Vyatichi, they always said that he was the Vakhrushevs’s good people. and during St. Petersburg, until the very last time, D.I. Filip all the Vyatsky breeders, especially the Vakhrushevs, invited guests and treated them like their relatives, even t дажеkh, c. which at this time did not have any commercial cause.Until 1885, the Boys and Hips brothers continued to develop leather from and from them. extract, and private sale of treasury boots to suppliers. Potapenk and the Tiflis supplier Adelkhanov, the Abrahians Ivan and Ilya delivered little by littlewhether you are Quartermaster,X44 4_______29_______ or re-bidding is scheduled through a month, on the same terms.This time the military conscience was recognized as valuable, even Potapenko declared, not acceptable, higher than secret ones, and the supply for them was not approved. There were new tenders and the supply was distributed - distributed in parts between all suppliers, at slightly lowervalues.Andrei Parfenovichi hesitated and said: "Ah, uncles, I’m sorry for Vasya, you should tell us yesterday and ask us for a price, just as Potapenko had guessed to do it."Then the old men dragged Andrei Parenovich to himself, but the sea, here, in the Kokorevskaya hotel, is it face? I’m building up, where they have stopped at this place. Asked for something. How and why gave the Potapenka values. Then Andrei Parfenovichi said that they had sent Potapenk for a conditional sale to a large consignment of treasury-boot goods according to the Quartermaster's description. This greatly upset and excited the old man, they began to reproach him that it was not okay to do something, substituting the foot of their relatives to their uncles for the benefit of an outside Muscovite. “It’s better to go directly on your own, we will help you in every way with our experienceѣ and advice.” But you won’t bring back what you sent; They came to the conclusion that it was necessary to agree in advance at home at Sea Par "enom and Fedor Timofeevich and already next year to bring them in line.And so it has been realized since the year 1887, the Guy and the hips began to deliver to the Quartermaster, and then gradually stopped producing hoods.._______30_______ It is necessary to explain the period a little earlier, i.e. circa 1868 and 1869, when the children of Ilya Timofeevich reached school age, Alexander and Nikolai, and the sons of Paren, Andrei and George, and at the hip - blue Stepan. Then, in the village of Nalozavalin, next to the oil factory, opposite the house of Paren Timoevich, a wooden one-staged small school with a mezzanine was built. The whole school is 3 square meters, with three windows to the street and two windows to the side. Dust was hired by a teacher, relative of the Dolgushins, peasants of Ninh Bobinsky volost, Vyatskoe district, seminary education, Semen Petrovichi Kurtөev, who taught children up to 10 people, spent 2 or 3 years, and kept them alone. Trifonov Monastery, rise under the name of Jerome Monk Stephen. On the last day, they founded BE five versts from the Byatki, near the village of Vileyskago, a Bileyskiy monastery with a wooden small church. In the last, have you started to build a filet? The skom monastery is a large monastic stone church, but for the death of Stephen’s father, the construction was stopped and the church remained unfinished until the revolution, which began in the year 1121.G care Ohm. S.P. Only three or four students — Andrei and Georgy Par’enovichi and Aleksandr Ilyich Sr., who had never studied more than now — managed to complete the course at the prefabricated school. And Nikolai Ilyich, the first time I could finish my studies at the Sloboda district school, where, after learning two years, and not finishing the course, take my father. Stan Fyodorovichi tolés were transferred to the same Slobodsky district school, studied five years, reached the last dayg_______31_______. class, but did not pass the exam, and his father, not wanting to leave him for another year in the last day of the class, took him to the course illegitimate, i.e. not received a certificate for the city 3-class school.All the last children of Ivan Timofeevich and two sons of Ilya, Alexey and Danas, began to study in the city of Byatka, boys in a male gymnasium, and girls BE in a female gymnasium, but not one completed the full course of the gymnasium, leaving the fourth or fifth grade. The grandchildren of the arena and the hips and the younger children of Ilya Timo *evich studied at first in rural zemstvo elementary schools I, and then transferred to Slobodskop - boys in the city 3-grade school, and girls in Slobodsky sensky gymnasium. Here they were already finishing the full course, those. received almost all certificates, boys - for the urban element3-year school, and girls - for the gymnasium, i.e. for 4 classes.mHTTXTeleven.AND-0-0-0-0_______32_______CHAPTER 2.Biographies of the four sons and grandchild of Timofei Anes imovichVakhrusheva. The eldest son, Guy Timofeevich Vakhrushev, was tall, had a dense body, put on Russian chintz shirts - shirts with a belt .; on holidays, I wore a long peasant frock coat with a low cloth and old age but strong jackets with wide doubles / trousers, but boots tucked in for shafts, high boots, a wide coat of white buttons / called azat or cape /; in winter, mossy booty and that flop. In winter he wore a moss hat on his head, and in summer. - a cap. The hair was trimmed behind the brace, had a small beard and mustache, never shaved.his tenant, Agniya Maximovna, dressed peasants in cotton chintz sundresses on her head, brocade morsels / local peasants in the head-dressing /. Both of them were cheerful in character, loved hospitality. At the festivals, they loved to take the place of the villages of the sky and dance. The guy Timoseyevich didn’t have a prejudice to personally engage in commercial affairs; he was more interested in households, farming, and personally filling all the fields with love. He also liked to oversee buildings, they themselves loved to repair a plow, harrow, trolley, put in glass and glass. He always had the corresponding - not expensive carpentry tools and a cheap al-ointment for cutting glass / inserted a copper frame and c. to the handle. /. They stored all the tools in a locked wooden cloth and a key in their belts along with a key of a money-gem chest, in which it was stored_______33_______a diamond for cutting glass, like a jewel, although the whole price to him was 3 or 4 rubles. If anyone would need anything Carpentry tools, ask Paren Timofeyevi - cha. They borrow, but strictly punish, so that, at the very least, at once, they should immediately return and give only his hands to him, so that he could lock it now, and if he didn’t return it by the general deadline, then the next time you won’t get it. If it is necessary to urgently replace the broken glass in the windows, even at the next factory, then Timo Eevich should take care of the diamond / because glass was always in stock at every factory, bought with boxes, large sheets /. Now, Timofeevich’s Guy sams alma zom, free of charge, even at someone else’s factory, cut how much glass you need and take the diamond with you, not because it’s unlikely, but was afraid that you would break or ruin the face, then BE: - drop it, and a new one - once again to buy, and salm will remain without an instrument.BE 65 years old, Timo’s Boy. "I’ve stood there, during the spring washing of wool, on the bridge over the Mochovitsa river. The horse that has rusted on his own horse and took the wool from one another, the girl kicked the wheel on the bridge; the last one rested on the foot. Timofeyevich’s guy was broken, but the old man was picked up, taken home, called a doctor from Slobodsky’s E; his leg was bandaged up in his pubic legs. floorѣ, you are a hallѣ, by the window, and all n examined at his plants, which was located on the other end of the village, beyond the small river.one_______34_______ He has already instructed his second son, Timofei Parenovich, in particular to plant seeds; Timofei Parfenovich syal necessarily with his own hand, while being a guy Timo Eevich. The master. according to the fact that it was also a factory, Timoey Partenovich, like seniors, Vasily, went to fairs and bazaars to buy raw materials and sell the made horse. Then, when the matter expanded, the master. there was already a past study of workers Andrei Fedorovich Sannikov, a peasant in the village of Fillet Skago, Vyatskago County, and his sons were taught to cut kokhs / closures. The older son-in-law of Parsen Timoevich, the husband of Olga Partainny, Vasily Efremovichi Kukov, a peasant from Spasskago village, Stulovsky volost, a planer of leather at the factory. Parfen Timo Feevich, and his sons in tone were cutters. He also had good work with Yegor Andreevich Trushev, peasants at Vyatskago district, Makaryevsky volost, village of Trushkov, at the postal-Vyatskont tract, at the 12th verst from Vyatka at the end of the Slobodsky square. They entered the backwater as a boy of 17, were diligent ?, sharp-witted and sober. He began to put forward for better and more responsible work, in the end they were in the winter? close the scutellon, and let the master through the varnish and one hundred glue of glue from the bottom of the same plant. After the last about five years before the revolution, with the help of Timofey Parfenovich, did Egor Andreyevich Trupkov rebuild his own? small. 129 steamed factories in the village of Trushkov. They bought from Timotei Parfenovich and from the Vyatka breeders ап Lap tevye medu and cooked glue, sending it to the Nizhny Novgorod Fair, and to sell ѣ dzil themselves.On a commercial case, like Paren Timo “Eevich’s,one._______35_______ Sand with other brothers, you are the kind of illiteracy the owners themselves, for bookkeeping, inexpensive clerks were hired from helpers and for the clerks of the volost government, or from the boy. Approximately you were in the year I 885, one of the workers from the village of B6 Binsky, Vyatskogo district, told Par: ene Timofeevich that they had a village Bobinsky, the spacious, widow of a psalm-reader, had a 15-year-old son, Misha’s to finish city ​​ѣ Vyatk ѣ - "it hurts to write well." The aunt gave him to the assistants of the clerk, пра пра Е Е Е,, is free for a year, but is afraid that there he will get used to drinking vodka. "She instructed many to look up to Lanost a checklist - a scribe at your plants." IIar buenі Ti mozhevich, he will listen, according to the guarantee of the same worker, to bring this boy for trial. Immediately his mother brought him; I liked the boy and were left by the clerk, for a small fee. Since they graduated from the city school, they were many literate masters of all previous and previous contortikov. At the very first earnings - ten rubles - they wrote out from Moscow / subtracted publications: 0 newspapers / lectures on correspondence training of accounting. During the course of the new year, I started up with Paren Ty: Obevich’s bookkeeping in the office, and all books on double Italian bookkeeping systems. On all began to ask the owner of detailed reports and supporting documents. At first, Parfen Timofeevich and his sons did not like it very much - something the young guy was very curious, tell him everything and prove it, apparently you want to know all our secrets. At the end of the year, the new volunteers made a full report of the profits and deduced the balance sheet: where, how much and what is the capital, showed the owners - they were all surprised, and the guy “Timofeevich more than all, Come to..gGfourandst.қN ANDoneat"._______36_______ to his brother, Kedor Timaoevich, and say: “Look, we have Tishenka’s office contacts. He turned out to be a good guy, I calculated a penny from EE’s penny and said how much capital I had, as if he had a peek at me, I even explained "My own know everything with me." Since the next year, Mishenka has already turned Vya into Tikhail Petrovich Evanov and, while continuing to bookkeeping at Paren Timofeevich’s office, at the same time, during his breathless breath and in the evenings. E, began to keep books and books about Timo’s hip, coming. Three years later, he married the daughter of Kotelnicheskogo merchant Alexander Yakovlevich Zuber Ba and he was already allocated an apartment in the former school until mikѣ, against the house of Gar: en Timo eevich. Ambassador * of the death of Paren Timoseevich, M.II. Ivanova lured to myself Ilya Timoseevich. ІLive him a year and a half, I, II. the van passed on to the heirs of nickname ораedor Timofeevich and lived at the place from 24 to до before the revolution. He was widowed childless and married again to the Vyatka merchant's daughter, August Tikhailov, an “azenin, from whom he had two sons; the last two times I was presented with the Highest PrizesE and received a personal honorary grandeur and a silver shegina medal on the Stanislavskaya ribbonѣ.Parthenia Timoshevich died in 1889, seventy-two years old. “Not Paren Timofeevich, Agniya Maxi movna, lived after him for another eight years in the same share, with her second son, Tim Oseya; she died 78 years old, but she was hit during the life of her husband 5 years before his death paralysis the right of half of the whole body and tongue, so that over the last ten years it is pain.... "sikoneoneoneoneX.'rsfrom.._______37_______ Shim Trudomi moved and spoke very hard. Paren T mio: Yevich after death died sons of the chenate - Vasily, Timofe, Andrey, still Georgi, but he, being in the military services рон Kronshtadt ’, vi blot ѣ, fell ill less often, until 11 immediately went home for health and a year later 2 to die during the life of Ilarten Timofeevich.Then Peh "en Tim (about" there were daughters: Olga., Issued as mentioned above, in the village of Spasskoye for V.E. "Ukova, the second - Anna Tar yenovna, was extradited to the village of Uspenskoye for the shoemaker-bush ryakov, Yakov ' Vanovich Dengin, and the third - Marya Par "enovna, married to a peasant, a handicraft tannery breeder Vyat - a skag bridle, the village of Talitsky Zavod, Makaryevsky volost, Alexander Stepanovich cuban, which after the last, you stopped to get leather and tanned family on a residence in the village of Uni, Glazovskogo district, where he opened a shop - bakery and personal goods. The guy Timofeevich was buried in the village of Spassky in the church fence, and Agniya Maksimovna was buried in her village of Voznesensko-Ba Khrushev in the church fence, since by the day of her death the church was already built in the village of Dialozavalinsky, E The capital of Paren T. Moreyevich in goods, plant, home and money was only about 10 60,000 rubles.There is a rule or custom among Russian peasants NOT ONE insult: send all public duties and services without charge, in turn: 1, at the option of the volost and 1. rural area - vennago gathering. First of all, they were elected to such a service.Multi-family peasants who had a little son$56}іfrom-rk X-T_______38_______ I believe, but if at seven: how many sons ”HER soldiers were serving, ie in the military case, 5%, then that family was given a privilege, they tried not to choose this family anywhere in the public service. Parten Timo eevich had 4 sons, of whom the eldest was Vasily Parfenovich, according to the law, only pr: repetitives were left — he was granted the privilege of the first category. For Timofei Par enovich, a recruitment receipt / kotornya was counted, or even Timo sfee was bought .. And they have one to teach, one for each familythem: blue. Andrey Tar enovich serve as a soldier. Zgoda in the cityѣ Slobodskont, and mla: ні? George served as a soldier in Kronstadt, in the bliot. Thus, on September 4, IIerena Timoeevi cha had a 2-’soldier to the public rumor: the Balays did not like them. Only after the death of Paruben Timo eevich, old. i son, Vasilіt. IIyar Enovich, when he already had his adults 2 dreams, he was elected and sent out the representative of the court at Stulovsky volost !! board one three years. Timofei Gar yenovich, at the choice of the zemstvo, served. two memberships!: European presence of estates, you are in the first part of the Sloboda district, i.e. Her city is Slobodsky. Lo..ѣ none of this family was a member of any public servant.Soon after the death of Paren Ti120, Egyptian, EE 1891-24B, the construction of a large stone church was started in the village of Malozavalinsky, which was built and completed for three years. All the same, the descendants of the construction site took Paren Timofeevich’s heirs here: the fifth part of the fourth part of the entire expenditure of DOVE, as well as personal chores and prisc from 2011 for the workers. At the end of the construction of the consecrated temple, but presentedtHT 12p 1. 1 TiVe1 kg,but.I'm Ai AABOUTsesan?"on ,g.,SELI?":FROM_______39_______  The Diocese of Vyatskogo Archіereya, all the church creators were rewarded * with little attention and rewarded: Pasilііі, Takhmofey and Anrey - silver medals on the chest, for the Stanislavsky le! - Taxi.Vasiliya Parenovich b_l medium growth, with wide boro - to, armor, small capacity. I was dressed as prosperous, the Ninh peasants, BE long sorts and high boots, I was not interested in peasant farming, but completely, I didn’t buy khokh raw materials and sales: and issued to: 1. After ?! In the presence of his father, Easiliya headed everything, and soon was notarial: m. ak tom, through notary Ermingeld Petrovch Svintorzhetskago, if you set up a trading day. The house between the three brothers - Basilim, Ty - Mofey and Andrei. Partenovichs, on an equal footing, with Capital investments of 60,000 rubles, under Syrah: oh, “Trading Dollar The Descendants of the 11th anniversary of Tito Eevich Bakhrunev.” From, ers, * the majority of people living in Toskva were permanently living Andrei Parfenovichi. He was less expensive than average, , very bokif; to marry a former daughter of ѣco11 years old ... Lennik, Ilavla Romanovich Zarkan .., Tatyana N. Pavlovna. Angren arhenovich died in Moscow 36 years, from obesity track to the liver, іnіl brought: to bury BE Eat - ku , to the village of Voznesensko-Bakhrushevo, burial n ecclesiastical! fence ... "he and his children and: I l Moscow “I went to the village to Z. EO, I’m away to Kli: E is the owner of a new house at the factory, E is the lower floor.” Three years later, Andrei Iarenosich’s wife, Tatyana Pavlovna, died of the same illness, leaving three children and son of Vladimir i pa, who? ry? married 18 years and after E I / 2 years shot dead, and the daughters were married out to her already dadushko? Zarkin, as a guardian. Starіy іya Elavdіya1 se.*fromoneg.:one* * **t;-and,butth1 g.* WhenoneTIE:g._______40_______ I sent for my brother-in-law, stabbing Ivano: mcha Vakhrusheva, second Lidiya - E Vyatka for land - CHNOnika LEetsova, and tretya Aleksandra Andreevna, sako with 3.5 bodies married the circus beast Kombarok, just at that time in Slobodsky come true :: і? Yereminny circus.BE the top of this :: of this house is living here! Vasily Par Kenovich. VE !! Oskvѣ, Emsto Andrei, became the eldest sons of Vasiliy, Nikola Vasilievich, married to his daughter !! Van Alexan Drovich Lozhkina, Anna Ivan (2 visas. They had a son, Alexander, who studied at R? Project and graduated from a higher commercial education: - league, and three eyes. You !! li. Naye ovch die age 65, BE І: 307-3: year, and burial in the church fence of the church of his own. His second sons, Peter bіl: to take her to his father, on daughters of Slobodsky kutstsa Borodin’s daughter, Elizavet l Anasevna and they had two sons - Iletr and Sergey. From both sons Vasily Par en Svich beat from I-o11 his wife, a former we are Ivan From £ Stolbov, and having widowed 30 years, Zapiliy Parfenovich had to marry Egorichno to the daughter of Byagskago Litsanin, a resident of the village of Hlynovka, Mezentseva - Afanasy ’iloverovna. After the last“ he had a daughter, Elizabeth was married Kozhenvennago for the driver Ivan Vasilievich Rylov, Vasiliy Ivanovich you have a tree neither Gorsko, rychk, Etrekh Erstakh og sela Voznesensko-rakh ruevskago. The axis of the first marriage; Khasiliya I. Kharfenovich also had three daughters. Elder E.nastasiya Eydana for the match breeder Yaki. Ova, thirty versts from: Etyatok to the Kazan highway. The second is Ekaterina Vasilievna Rydan, who was von Andreevich Kropachev, the son of a fur coat and coveter Andrei Demidovich Kropachev, made of wood and Eropachi, BE 2-XE Yerstakh St: Slobodsky. Thirdone._______41_______ the daughter, Anna Vasilievna, was married off to Ivan Vasilievich Shvetsov, a peasant in Slobodsky uzd, Mukhinsky volost, engaged in rural trade at a small shop — a store, and at the same time occupied in winter buying up rye flour and oats, setting up such a plant at Kholunitsky village Va Khrushhevykh, the sister of this Shvetsov, Apollinarіya Vasilievna, was a deputy for Nikolai. Ilyichem Vakhrushevs, and to take Stepan Vasilievich, were entrusted to the same Nikolai Ilyich, -8a the last ten years before the revolution.After the death of Vasiliy Partenovich, the trading house was inherited by Parfen Timofeevich Vakhrushev only one year. There was no agreement between Timofey Parsenovich and the sons of Vasiliy - they decided to split up, as well as the guardian of children Andrei Parfenovich, P.R. Zarkin, demanded to extend the grandchild. Their houses were divided earlier, and the backwater was one common. Then, a small backwater, stone, was built on the general account, on the same bank of the river, but downstream, and this was expelled to Timofey Parenovich. The ancestors of Vasiliy and Andrey took the old backwater, from which Nikolayev and Petr Vasilievich drank part of the Andreevichs. The last time when Vladimir Andreevich went to war, and all his sisters got married, then Nikolai and Petr Vasilya also bought parts of them at home.vichi.Timofei Parsenovich worked independently, and Nikolai and Petr Vasilievich, another three companies, worked at the same time as another company. In 1912, there was a big crisis in BE leather business and a mass of bankruptcies, then both companies went bankrupt. Timofey died a year later, and Nicholas and Peter died during the revolution, and Peter’s son died almost simultaneously_______42_______ with the fatherѣ. Of the children of Nicholas, his daughters were married in their late 50s with his father, and his son, Alexander Nikolayevich Vakhrushev, with his mother, Anna Ivanovna, remained to live during the revolution and the village of Vakhrushev, and it was unjust how they lived. Timofei Parfeno was old, of medium height, had a large, broad, slightly reddish beard, and past petty-literate. He died in 1913 and was buried in his church, he fence. A large family remained with him. He too would marry twice. His first wife was Evdokiya Aleksandrovna, the daughter of a tannery breeder, Aleksandr Vasilyevich Lagunov, a peasant in the Sloboda district, Shepelevsky volost, the village of Lagunov, a mile or two from the village of Malozavalinsky. Timofey Parfenovich’s father was one son, Nikolai Timofeevich, underdeveloped. He did not hesitate and die a bachelor during the revolution, fling 35. The eldest daughter of Timofey, Elizabeth, was married to Slobodskaya, on a demyanka, for Ilya Vasilyevich Knyazev, the son of a wreath-maker, a craftsman, Vasily Nikanorovich Knyazev. Recently, before the revolution, this Vasily Nikanorovich served as a member. Sloboda City Council. The second daughter, Anna Timo Feivna, was given in favor of Nikolai Semenovich Popov, Slobodsky fellow citizen, Vinuk quite visible, an honorary resident of the town of Slobodsky - Ivan Yakovlevich Sysoev, who had a moscutory and leather shop sold as a result of Vasilyikhuevich. The eldest son of Sysoev is Vasiliy Ivanovich Sysoev, married to the daughter of Iona Kolotov, who was the assistant director of the Sloboda Public Antilatov Bank.The first wife of Timofei Par enovich died in 1898._______43_______ Six months later, he remarried to Atanasy Ivanovna Kro pacheva, the daughter of the Stulovsky volost foreman and the fur coat of the sheep breeder, Ivan Demidovich Eropachev. This wife’s mother has 2 daughters and 4 sons: Ivan, Ilya, Alexey and Guy. In sѣ they studied in Vyatkѣ. Senior Ivan finished 7th grade Real Nago College, 2nd Ilya Bylen BE 6th grade. Really, and the rest - in the Vyatka gymnasium, on the occasion of the revolution did not finish the course. In 1915, the eldest, Ivan, was to take 18 years of military service and was sent to the military army and, about the right to leave — it’s probably, to kill. The rest, imperfect by young teens, remained their mother during the Revolutionary Salt of Voznesensko-Vakhrushev, were engaged in peasant land plowing and, apparently, were fighting. But it is known how their life continued during the revolution. Timothy's daughter from the second marriage, i.e. from Afanasy Ivanovna, Alexandra Timofe - an euna / elder, still at the beginning of the revolution, was married to the nephew of a local priest, father John Rochet nikov, a seminarian, who, you probably, was a priest, and she was a priest. The youngest daughter, Lyudmila, still quite a few younger, remained with her mother. There isn’t much about her -BUT.which is unjustThe second son of Timofei Anfimovich Vakhrushev, Fedor Timo * eevich, was of medium height, had light brown hair and wore little pain. a narrow beard and mustache. He was dressed like a prosperous Ninh peasant, long dark gray tights, tights, boots with drumsticks - burakhans, a wide coat with asians or a cape, a cap in his head, and a winter hat, moss coat with a scarf and a sheepskin coat with wolf moss. Only old age, at the insistence of my sons,_______44_______g.got a fox sheepskin and a deer to hu. He was engaged in water management and the purchase of leather raw materials at local bazaars, and for purchases. raw materials at fairs and for the sale of manufactured goods, the eldest sons were sent there. Alexander or Pavel, while they were inferior, brought up fairs under the control and guidance of Ivan or Ilya Timog "Vevrushevshevich, or Pavel Vasilievich. Rylov, or Petr Ivanovich for a long time, and in the end it was already self-serving. Fedor Timo. activity: served by church elders for more than twentieth years at the church of his arrival in the village of Spaso-Podgurien - the village Spasskoye was called common people / for the service of the church headman and for donations to the church, according to The unit was set by the Diocese of Archbishop, the highest award was a silver medal on the chest on the Stanislavsky Ribbon. At the same time, 15 years, by election. The society of the Stulovo Volost served as a district and zemstvo vowel in the Slobodsky Zemstvo and to the members. Zemstov was annually elected Trustee for several rural schools of Sloboda district and jurors at visiting soss_yah BE of the Sloboda Byatskogo District Court."Timo’s hurt. Zeevich’s past twice. For the first time, as mentioned above, on the door Ann Ann Egorovna On the side, from which there were about ten children, most of whom were deceased up to a year, and the survivors, two: Alexander Fedorovich and Pavel Fedorovich When the first wife, Anna Egorovna, died, Alexander and Pavel were still teenagers of 12 and 10, then soon grandfather Timoseevich married a second time._______45_______20 years? dѣvitsѣ, Olga ло Pavlo vnест Pestovo, from the village of Pestovy, Stulovsky volost, illiterate, beautiful village dvushka, densely built, of medium height. She no longer dressed in a shed, but BE dresses and was covered with handkerchiefs, and Vie married did not wear peasant carrots on her head, but a headdress sewn from cheap silk material, called splitting.Redor Timofeevich’s second wife had even more children than the first. So from two gins he had, as if in jest, he himself said that until 27 he counted everything, and then waved his hand, and stopped counting. The son of his second wife, you have 4 sons left alive: Stepan, Ivan, Mikhail and Vasily, and 4 daughters: Mary, Catherine, Elizabeth and Anna.Fedor Ti: ofeevich always tried to be fair and kept his word humbly. To him from the okrukhanikh villages Very often peasants came - old people for advice, or for satisfying their peasant needs. Every year he was handed out to neighboring villages by the peasants on the exchange of fields: rye, barley, oats, without any receipts and without interest. When his brothers or sons say to him: “I should not give a drinker or a liar to him, I can’t return it literally. "do not come to ask, but you consider it as if you gave it to a beggar; to disappear for the poor, so God bless us with a decimal." If there was a fire somewhere in the villages nearby, the three-year-old peasant hut or porridge took place, come to Fedor Timofeevich with tears; to burn Fedor to take Fedor:from_______46_______Timofeevich, reassure, treat, give him logs for the construction of the hut or give money, and still some to whom to send to go. You look - through a month, another ?, the man after the fire got a better job than the premier and thankfully remember that Fedor Timofeevich was the first to rescue him from the past. Both Fyodor Timofeevich and the rest of his brothers had large fire engines at the Gustav List plant, from Moscow, and 1-2 barrels each. If someone had a fire at a factory, or in a village at a distance of up to 10 miles: then all 4 raspberries, on their own factory horses, eaten by workers, under the control of one of the sons of each factory owner, or the factory master, immediately went out and put out the fire. Fyodor Timofeyevich’s family was established a strict order, all the poor were required to drink bread, and if the poor went into food during meals, they fed him food by the workers, and the old man was strictly ordered not only by his family, but also by the cooks, so that not a single beggar refuse; without asking anyone to dress poorly.When Fyodor Timofeevich began to have children from his second wife, and Alexander and Pavel Fedorovich, who were already married, also had children, then Fyodor Timofeevich told them: “You have been working on an equal basis with me for your commercial and industrial business, so continue . Know that you are working not for outsiders, but for yourself and your offspring, I have a few children from my second wife, it is possible that they will still appear. But I give you my word that somehow, I have on the day of deaththere will be movable and immovable property and capital, - everything will be, according to the spiritual law, left in one half of Wamt•.dі_______47_______Alexander and Paul, and in the case of the death of one or the other of you, the corresponding part of your children. And the second half of my second wife, Olga Pavlovna, was her two, no matter how many of them turned out to be after me. "And you already have the secondthere were 8 living men alive, but soon, during the life of Fedor Timofeevich, one of the youngest sons, Mikhail, six years old, drowned, swimming in the river Mochovits.Indeed, such a spiritual precept was not drawn up, but it was compiled by the notary, Ermingeld Petrovich Sventor of Zhitskago, and was not changed until the day of the death of Fedor Timofeevich. But at the same time Fedor Timochevich asked all his sons, and especially start: “Ile be anxious to last between me when I am half-hearted. Work at least ten at a time, or at least five at a time, then you will have plants and houses, and money.Just try to work together, don’t quarrel between each other, try to align with each other and calmly discuss all kinds of misunderstandings in every way. make up You can set up a company and you’ll be reckoned with you, and each one separately, you’ll be five times less, each of them. All will be considered creditworthy and will be considered small artisans, which separately crushing major competition. Moreover, it’s impossible to work our coffer alone: ​​for shopping, for selling ::: ami, and looking at the factory, - one cannot travel at the same timeѣ at the same time send, that means, every duty to hire strangers and trust on strangers. When you’re all together, you will have your own eye, and if anyone_______48_______but he’ll say hello - lie down for a week, the other - now to replace your people and generally it will not be harmed. Thus, the patient will be calmly cured soon and will receive the dividend?Fyodor Timofeevich was especially cherished and proud of his honesty and fulfillment of the blessings given to him. He dut yam and grandchildren often said: “Everyone needs to save his honor and old age - health. Never try not to legally assign someone else's money - someone else’s penny is invisible to you to take away rubles; always try to keep your word; before, To make some kind of communication - well - think carefully: whether you can fulfill the communicated. Never speak deliberately false, but only tell the truth. If for some reason you need to come up with such circumstances that it is impossible to tell the truth, or to the detriment of your interest / Since, for example, how much you bought or sold your product, especially to your competitor, then I’ll say right to his question that I can’t tell the truth, but I’m wanting to lie to you, I don’t want to be offended, but on the contrary, I’m grateful that I didn’t mislead him.The most expensive life is to earn respect and respect when you recognize everyone for a just person, then it’s easy for you to live to a very old age, because, who would you Neither said, everyone will be €: 6: to believe, and sometimes, if anyone, I know little RE FERENCES you posomnѣvaetsya in your soobschenіyah, he will say on the side of not somnѣvatsya because this chelovѣki or - when does not lie .; soon, I would have shied away from a message or reply to your question, and if he had told you, it’s wrong._______49_______Fyodorr Timofeevich strictly trekokal from his sons and grandchild, so that they not only personally and personally, but would also watch the employees: do not cheat anyone, do not cheat, do not cheat. If you buy or sell something, it’s stronger and bargain, try to get the maximum profit for yourself, and when you sell, or buy something, you don’t back up, do not change your word, at least you had twice the opportunity buy the same product from another, or sell your product to another. The matter with desire is over. If you see 115 that you’ve been in a hurry, you’ve made a mistake, you bought it expensive, 11 if you’ve sold it again, then accept the information and continue to be careful and prudent, - not. There have been cases when buying zonago measles: you weigh from a peasant woman - it turns out to be pud and 39 1/2 pounds .; not daring to throw off the floor, and pay for two pounds. Or you have to pay a walleye for 2 or 3 1/2 days, some amount of not a round cirroy, but a second half or a quarter penny, also strictly followed and demanded not to take a penny or a quarter penny from her, but give a penny or 3/4 kopeck . creeper. Fedor Timofeevich strictly demanded that all of his families and employees be conscientious in relation to his workers and to everyone who was in contact with each other and surrounded by peasants. Whoever comes or goes to your home or backyard for business, immediately accept, listen and immediately satisfy the Creator, or refuse, so that for one E and the same human doclock you can’t take out E 2 or 3 times to come to you. So: I don’t go too far so as to come, at least for an unimportant matter, to expect to expect, Bavali cases: sit the whole family at the table, get away. Drive someone along the road - plant the dio for totBUT_______50_______so much to embrace, and during the affair to go with him talk about business. If the newcomer refuses to leave, then nowEdor Timo himself, or, according to his instructions, one of his sons, break off both, go out with the person who has come to another room to talk, and everything will do what the person needs. At this time, the family finishes embracing, and having interrupted it, it is already circulating alone. There were no cases like this: after the blame had gone on for 8 evenings, the whole family immediately went to their bedroom: and fell asleep. An hour of ѣ 9 or 10 irrigated to € or a belated peasant woman, willow tree, brought in 20 or 30 kopecks. Knocking on a locked gate; night watchman listening to heraccording to the order given: by the owner in advance, the obligation to immediately go and wake up one from the master and to live about every night a visitor. It is happened to guess to wake up one or two young owners, and that’s !! the young one does not want to get up for such a trifle; Dori Timo’evich, having heard that he’s happy, you’ll get out of bed, go to bed, weigh up the bark and pay the money, or go to the door of the bedroom of that unfortunate son and demand that that son or grandson immediately get up and send off, even at night, , what to ask from him, and be quiet in the morning. - a big but calm parting, with detailed explanations and for the fact that I dared to refuse to get up and did not want to satisfy the request of the poor woman. "She went on, maybe she worked all day in the forest, stripping off the bark, and at home at her hungry little one wait for her; in order to earn 2-3 extra pennies1, she got carried away to workѣ and didn’t notice that she was late, she had to go to work with her and she needs to sell everything today, get the money, and tomorrow on market day:fouroneggo to the city and buy for kids, bread. You needonet_______51_______. 5 . . . . . . . . . . . . did not see: well fed, oburas and clothes; You should be at night to become and to go. I ask you not to repeat such a laziness, another's need, especially a poor worker, warm welcomemother to her heart. "Every good example of Fedor Timofeevich always tried to show himself to his offspring and employees.to his own “younger” children from his second wife, he treated as well as E and his grandchildren, i.e. къ дѣт Yam of old times хъ. two sons. About two times a year, at wholesale prices, from the city of Slobodsky, from the manufactory merchant Mi Khail Vasilievich Lytkin, the manufactory was brought to Easter and brought to the Rozh - deity of Christ — a piece of 5-6, that is, was brought. arshin of 200. In these seven, they were distributed equally, that is, each womenѣ and girls for 1-2 dresses, shawls and other things for clothes, and for men. and boys 2-3 shirts, trousers and more. Everything is the same - quality wagons, i.e. you have one price, so that no one would be offended, and no one even from the outside could reproach the old man with passion or dishonesty that he should love his young second wife and her children better and dress better than the first wife, and since such addiction would not be, they were calm and proud of it. Strongly loved the fairy darling Timofeevich to all grandchildren and children, and all children loved him and were afraid of disobeying anything. Always arriving at the market day from the city, he brought for all the kids a fist or a gingerbread, a candy or a small shake of a little apple. All are already waiting ”- soon the little girl with gifts to come, with joy to meet. Walking and undressing, go into the hall - the sitting room, sits down on the sofa to the table, seats around the table to grandchild and children, the very same.,_______52_______ the youngest two to sit on their knees and ask everyone: * Well, who has learned all that school, let’s go. "Children, already okay, let’s read it, but the essence of their books is - Prayer book, alphabet and native word, beginners - to incite for interruption to tell their knowledge, then to sing first 2-3 prayers, then poem: “Once upon a time there was a bush for a little gray goat”, “There is a smell for a long time over the meadows”, “All the same happened, sparkled and stars” so dalѣe, sing all that you know. At the end, say the old man: “Enough. I’ll go and have a rest “Pat all over the head, kiss and praise” - 240 ladies, all very well and I said - remunerate everyone with state Tintsy, and in conclusion always say: “Try, study diligently, obey your parents and teachers, keep them try hard; when you grow big, you yourself will understand and remember my words and remember me kindly, that I taught Vasya not good, but good. The time will come when there will be no us, and Vasya still has his whole life ahead; when you will be such old people and you will have the same little children and you will also love and obey how you love me now, then you will most of all remember me in absentia and thank you that I will unal love and respect for old things, having acquired what you will inspire him and further to the next generation "Although Timofeevich’s hip also loved the ie, BE Church features, but he himself never sang a song or a prayer. Only often, in a low voice, there was a srѣtensk irmost: "God blessed the mother of God, the trust of the Christians, I have covered my own people, and be saved, in the hope of you." This and the end, or again repeated,tttttat+ bTT_______53_______but Quiet these same words. Strictly followed Fedor Timofeevich, so that all of you and you would learn by great fasting, i.e. went to confession and communed every year, especially those participating. For students, every third of the school year, they always look at the report card, they have praised them, and for the poor students who have deuces, before exams, they have to re-enter the teachers.As long as Fyodor Timofeevich lived, order was respected. all year round on Wednesdays and Fridays and the whole family, as well as working lean food, all fasts were strictly observed, and the great fast - the 1st, 4th and 7th weeks did not even eat fish and oil, limiting ourselves to vegetables — potatoes, cabbage, peas, horseradish, etc., but the rest of the weeks fasted, mainly eating fish. The whole family ate meat very figuratively: daily cabbage soup with fresh cabbage and meat, and Fyodor Timofeyevich loved finely chopped meat with onions with tzami; fried veal with potatoes and fresh milk, fresh, Ot X cow, and sometimes fermented yogurt, called boiled milk. Weekly on Saturdays, the best cow meat was brought from the Bodsk layer, a whole calf for the whole week. On Saturdays. Be sure to get your name: aro. meat was served for the whole family of dumplings, and on Sunday or whose name is necessarily fish cake iz milozіluіya & i • good luck or from cod, and on big holidays, when there were guests, cakes were made from salted sturgeon, which was brought once a year from the Irbit Fair. Sturgeons thawed 1 or 2 pound ice cream, chopped into pieces, salted in tubs for summer: PE cellar, swept in ice or ice, and all year-_______54_______little by little kept sturgeon for pie in exceptionalcases. Krupnitsa was prepared in five pood bags and the temple Nyla locked the closet - the storeroom, and the key kept the ear of the bunny. Tea was also brought from the Irbit Fair, a tsibik ud in three for the whole years. Sugar was bought with heads of 25-30 pounds. to Slobodsky, near Zakhar Andr. The board is new, or from M. V. Lytkin, sometimes one head each, and sometimes bring 2-3 heads at once,From now on, put it on the stove to dry] considering the dried sugar is more economical and sweeter, and then all the housewives - women and girls - sit down on the floor and spread out a large tablecloth - fat wipes, and sugar from the same head, and a few sit around the clock and chop this sugar into small pieces. We drank tea with sugar in the bite. Everything that was chopped was dumped by BE canvas bags and stacked together with tea in wooden, galvanized from the inside, crate with litter. This crate stood at the top, and the dining room, and the key was also kept by the hostesses at times, weekly. Were installed: er; such Koryadokѣ: both the wife of Fedor Timofeevich, the wives of Alexander and Pavel, for the whole week they scoffed, watching over the household, as in a small kitchen, in which the cook was cooking only for the host family / she milked and fed 3-4 cow /, the hostess on duty was also obliged, during lunch, dinner and breakfast, to attend the large working kitchen, which was at the bottom of the same house from the factory. At the working kitchen was a long cook, and more recently, even two. But the housewife’s duties included only to make sure that the workers were sitting modestly, not at the table, not outrageous. To them. neatly and without delay everything was served by cooksі:BUT.G_______55_______on salt, so that in vain there wouldn’t be chilled and there would be nounnecessary pieces, because the pieces for the 2nd slot were not supposed to be served so much, but if there was a bit left, then the housewives and cooks had to observe the cold pieces immediately and crush and dry them on crackers, which were served with cabbage, the following crackers were very fond of working. My home-worker is bark or with meat and meat ladies, well seasoned with cereals and vegetables; canoes, potatoes and pickled milk, Biase was harvested in the autumn, salted. Butchers, brothers Vasily and Mikhail Alexandrovich imelyov, from the Sloboda village, sold the consignment from 200 to 800 pounds of meat and skin. They were given a deposit; for 2-3 weeks they went to their place, bought up the peasants intended to sell cattle, the main ones: (sample 30E, feed Lenny for summer on the pasture of bulls, or cow that stopped milking, and when a little frost started, then they they collected a certain lot and drove them live to the factories of pieces 100-150. The plot where they drove this livestock was fenced off behind the factory barns and fed cattle and straw for 2-3 days, and the same for 2-3 days, the same butchers of Shmeleva, with their working specialists, distributed the whole agreed party steadily, and the next day, while the meat of the meat was cooled, but not frozen, it was chopped into large pieces, put into cooked pain all the caddy, in layers, pouring each row of salt, The salt was also prepared in advance for a whole year for a few hundred All this, we kill for salting the cattle: kidneys, calves, tongues and part of the legs, together with the meat weighed out at the same wholesale price, but they did not litter, but came to the host table for roasting, and partly fed and cutters E BE-..........--------g.------ ----one._______57_______Todi that peasants themselves are so stupid that they don’t drink milk, but dig milk; part is transferred to oil, and the largest part is reheated in the oven and fermented, poured into the whole. large tubs or barrels, and before Easter they sell at factories For workersѣ. Weeks 2 before Easter, from the kayadago plant go for 2-3 horses serving with large carts or barrels, buy all fermented milk from all villages in the villages, and take them to the backwater; all poured into the prepared special cadets and swept them into the cellar, and sweating E gradually fed the workers. For workers at the factories, bread malt kvass was prepared daily all year round; no one was allowed to drink water, and all the workers, both during meals and during work, as desired, drank only kvass during the day. and at night, without any limit to the amount of Chekhia, E. Malt for kvass was prepared for several hundred poods, for Sloboda, Demyanka, Alexander Semenovich Likhachev, who was married to Olga Pavlovna’s sister, i.e. wife of Fedor Ti mofeevich. These relatives of 10 peasants called the brother-in-law. in relation to KE Fedor Timofeevich. A.S. Likhachev, a townsman of the Slobodskoy clan on Demyank, had a little daughter and four children. The production of malt was not started until 1840, when the peasants were still not drinking tea at all, and even in the town of Slobodskoy, the whole town was numbered by Ikhti samovars. They all drank kvass and during the holidays they made home-made beer, there was a lot of malt, they didn’t have time to make it, especially the delay was at the Dakhi mill, where it was necessary to transport the evaporated rye for grinding. In order to avoid this delay and increase production, A.S. Likhach: put the steam at my place, with a malt establishment, a steam locoe.oneoneTt_______58_______obabal for 8 strength and set up his mill only for his sod. They began to produce everything that was needed for the city and for the quantity of malt. The benefit was great, he lived sparingly, as follows: that he, at the time of death, had about one hundred thousand rubles, of which, during his lifetime, Timorovich’s ten years kept him 15,000 rubles for interest at 7% per annum:kvass was served in buckets, and then round the soup: ki, workers with wooden and bucket of silt and jugs carried kvasi backwaters to each section, and by night and in bedrooms, the backwaters were not broken; at the table. You eat as much as you want, but you don’t have a nose in the backwater, for there have been cases: to take someone away is impossible, and to throw a bench on a window or under a bench, and this was already considered as a big sin, even drop a little bread on the floor. They cooked the same cooks who shook them for the workers, but they pumped water from a well located next to the kitchen and going through the gutter into the kitchen in kvass chu tribute, the workers took turns, by order of the factory foreman or tenor, because the water it took a lot, qua quaggered in forty bucket ѣ flanks of 4-5 barrels always stood filled: like the first one was empty, take the next second one, and the first one again filled with candles of kvass; then go to the third one, and so on, we strictly followed the queue so that the kvass wouldn’t be too greasy and not too fresh, 2 here. would be good. Flour for bread by the workers was prepared at the beginning of Zid, approximately in November. Then came the name of the Mukha volost, Sloboda district, Fedor Ivanovich Kosina, which, at the same time as the Vakhrushevs, up to 10 three-year-old Zemsky E vowels of the Slobodsky zemstvo. He has all the Vakhrushevs conditionally agreed ondіAt_______59_______eelevenI AM!one.bathe for a few thousand udovi, from 2000 to 5000, flour and about the same amount of pounds ѣ oats or a little less. He was given a deposit; they bought at their village base in Slobodskoye E and Glazovskoye oods and oats, and once in their mills they washed and delivered flour to all skin plants, and Kholunitsa to yellow-fed plants, and oats came to feed horses who were kept at each E plant for a lot of factory work and for transporting goods between the plant. n the cities of Slobodskaya and Vyatka. Half or third part rye flour - Fedor Timochevich bought Vyat kѣ, from Vyatskago merchant Ilya Nikodimovich eludkov / he was also the director. Vyatka Public Bank until this death. Considering it expedient and to maintain good otnopeniya with koyatyn and eateludkovym E, Fedork Tigәbeyevich annually 10 bathing at both, and bloodthirsty, at Eludkov’s flour was a little more expensive and had to be carried from Vyatka on his work horses; but it was considered better — moreover, a looser and more. Workers at tanneries were fed 3 times daily. You are 7 to 8 and breakfast; s12 to 2 - to eat from the breath, and to 6 to 7 - the hook; and the cutters, on the other hand, were also given 2 times more tea every day. To do this in the cut. According to revenge, the owner’s honey double-bucket samovar with 2 cranams and two opposite soles and a large kettle flowed. Tea and sugar were given according to the quantity determined for each person - by weight. He was a master in leather, at first, the production was still not great, Fedor Timofeevich had sons; first, Alexander, and then: Pavel Fedorovich, moreover, from the well-known workers, they are more diligent and compass,,onefromfourBUT.ke_______60_______Special students learned to plan skin, and at the same time, such a worker was assigned to. assistants to the master in the “look” of the foreman. Gradually familiarizing himself with the whole not complicated system of leather extrusion, he, as a consequence, was sometimes more often a substitute master of the master, and then his descendant was already an independent master. According to Pavel Fedorovich, Fyodor Ivanovich Deceutus was the first master to be such, and his workers simply called Fedyun Leshch; He was a native of the Sloboda district, Shepelevsky volost and the village of Shepelevskaya, not literate. After his death, not too long was a master also of planers, trained at his factory, a peasant. Vyatskogo uzda, Bobinsky volost, village Korepanovyh - Matviy Egorovich. Korepanov, simply his name was Matyushka Korenko. After him, about a year and a half, the master was a former artisan tanner. Stulovsky same volost, Nikolai Hera simovich. Fofonov, from the village of Baharen. Finally, after being a master, Fyodor Timofeevich was also from small-chewed breeders, a peasant. Stulovsky volost and the same village, Mikhail Ilyich Zhilin. He was to marry the sister of the gathenka peasant of the Stulovsky volost, the village of Rylovskaya, Stepan Illarionovich Rylov. And the daughter of the last one, Alexandra Stepanovna Rylova, married the son of Fedor Timofeevich, Stepan Fedorovich, in 1885. Then, shortly after the wedding of Stepan Fedorovich, Mikhail Ilyich kilin stopped his business, went bankrupt and offered his services to the plant. to Fyodor Timo Feyevich, and was to accept him as a master, and worked with him until his death together with his son Ivan, and then, and after the death of Fyodor Timofeevich, they continued to serve ten with the heirs of Fyodor Timofeevich, while they were not exclusively working as heirs ,gR;_______61_______At the house, in the courtyard, there was a separate wooden bathhouse with. a dressing room and a separate room for dressing. This bath was used only by the whole family of Fedor Mimofeevich every sub bot; he himself also liked to often wash in a bath, but at home, so and in a bath, always without soap and very quickly, BE I5 minutes to have time to steam in one of the birch twigs, to wash and to plunge, while it was customary to wash in a bath from 30 up to 60 minutes. For the workers there was a second separate bathhouse at the factory, on the banks of the Mochovitsy river, with a large pre-bathhouse - a com and two shelves; it also accumulated every Saturday, even 2-3 times; workers washed in turn by 50-60 people. Soaps and cores were given to them. The owners are also free of charge, and for using the bath nothing was charged. At the factorylived in full housekeeping, with housekeeping shoes "/ heavy boots called shoe covers /. Workers were from E surroundvillages, peasants Slobodskogo and Vyatskogo uzdov. They came from autumn to October; After completing their field, they left work on a monthly basis until Easter or May 1st. On May 1, the majority went home to exchange their fields and plant. it was shrinking, new raw materials were no longer allowed into the water, but only that which was let into the backwater before the May month was retuned and cut up. Some of the many family workers who had a father or brothers at home for their work remained in the factory for another I I / 2 -2 months before Petrov’s day, i.e. before the shooter - already on new terms, for a double fee. And with. On June 30, there were already very few workers left for an increased pay - four times already - except for the shutter, because the cutters, as the main specialists,w.-..and by_______62_______e also a tanner, all year round received the highest salaries. S. July 1 until September 1, during the harvesting and cleaning of the fields of bread, the factory completely stopped work and repairs were carried out in the factories and cleaning of the cesspools / called dead wells and / as well as while you were living Fyodor Timofeevich were treated by hired field workers in the village. kѣ bread; Fedor Timofeevich was proud of the last - the land on the left was greatly fertilized with factory waste and slaked lime, the bread was growing very well. When the family of Fedor Timofeev. having become intermarried in Vyatk s. Rukavishnikov and Oparinin / Olarin rented land from the Vyatka City Society behind the Vyatka Provincial Zemstvo Hospital, near a theological seminar, covering them with wheat and oats, extracting the best change and 8E Kazakhstan or Moscow model agricultural farm /, tons Fedor. Timofeevich, through ѣ Oparin, wrote out for himself a ѣmyan. Nobody in Slobodsky has not yet sown wheat, and not only wheat, but also rye, barley and oats have grown such that in all places there was no good bread of similar quality. Every year, on the second of July of the old-fashioned style, when there was a birthday girl his wife Olga Pavlovna, guests and relatives were sure to welcome them; after tea, he led all the guests into the field to show his ripening harvest ҳlbov. In the middle, in the form of a picnic, you can sit on the grass, you should drink I-2 glasses in your daughters and have a snack with salty saffron marigolds - the last Vyatka guberniya was famous. Even you Moscow and St. Petersburg knew Vyatskie red, which also happened to be in literature. After the death of Fyodor Timofeevich, the heirs, expanding the leatherwork, completely stopped tillage and ceased to occupy the fields; last days_______63_______”they began to use them for drying cow wool in the spring and for drying the overalls for heating factory furnaces, and gradually partially built up. snowy lands beyond the river. While Fedor Timofeevich was still alive, then, for his sake, according to his appointment, one of his sons was eaten up by 10 or 15 workers; they lived there for 8-10 days, all mowed, dried, mixed large stacks, fenced and left until November. When the ice rises on the Vyatka river and the ground is covered with the first thin snow, the toboggan path opens, then on the first snow, you will immediately or completely remove the meadow from your meadow to your uncle’s uncle’s home; to fill the sheds over the stables completely, and the rest in reserve will be swept into the meadow, because later in the winter, when there will be a deep snow, it is from. It’s very difficult to haul a meadow, because in winter meadows there is no dear, and once there are snowdrifts of arshin BE 2-2 1/2, so horses cannot be passed. But the last years before his death, Fedor Timofeevich ceased to be interested in mowing wage workers themselves, and began to give peasants neighboring villages Isrol. That is, the peasant ispolnik етьdet with his family and hired, at his own expense, piglets, let him mow and sweep the haystacks, give birth, and in the winter, half, at his own expense, bring home to Fedor Timofeevich, and for all this he will do the second halfway, so that the owner of the land of the land, without making any expenses, receive for free half of the total harvest of sleep annually. The other brothers of Vahru Sheva began to do the same, and after their death they also continued to send them to the interlocutors. Each for his part of the shooter had his own name. Fedor Timofeevich had an executive officer, creature of neighbors -INA!_______64_______of her village of Zharen, Vasily Efremovich Sharomov, they would not. carpenter and ten with factory buildings at the Fedor Timofeevich. He also stayed with Fyodor Timofeevi’s pastors. cha, as ispolnikom, so carpenter ...The senior son of Fyodor Timofeevich, Alexander Fyodorovich E, was of medium height, turned brown, with a large full beard and themselves. He dressed like his father. Married 18 years: on the door Alexander 3 Ivanov Kazenina, daughter of fur coat breeder Ivan Andriyanovich Kazenin, peasants in Vyatskart uzd, Plastininsky volost, village Kurochkino. They told me about their marriage that Ivan Timofeevich met with the Kazenins at the Irbitsky Fair, where they and others went to buy raw materials, and they said that some had brides and others had grooms. Tell brother Fedor about this, we quickly gathered and all went to the village Kurochkino, watching the bride: for Alexander Fedorovich; of course, pohal and Yenikh, and Ivan Timofeevich, as if already an acquaintance, pohal of the matchmaker. The bride liked the bridegroom and the bridegroom liked the bride and her parents began to agree. In all conditions, they agreed, but according to local customs, the trees were supposed to pay the parents for negligence. redeem with money you kind of a gift and a bucket of vodka or more was supposed to be served from the groom before the wedding. Ivan Andrianovich. Cazenin stated: “AMңѣ money. and you don’t need vodka, but bring half a DAY ”of it to a bottle punch bottle and a sahar’s head.” The bridegroom didn’t like the matchmakers, as it seemed like a new requirement that they hadn’t heard of anywhere else. They decided not to give either rum or sugar , said goodbye and went home. ”You pulled out of the village of Kurochkino, stopped halfway and let's talk between ourselves -_______65_______is it not better to agree and respect Ivan Andrianovich; all rum instead of vodka - it’s as if to come up and cost even less; but demanding your sugar is very unsuitable, nowhere: it’s not possible to be like that, perhaps we’ll always be on top of us, but if it were to demand that I.A. fifty or one hundred rubles, so without any conversation, they would have given it, for it is the bond of a peasant custom, and in every tree this is done, and the head of sugar at that time cost no more than 5 or 6 rubles. But the whole question was whether you were proud of one side or the other - neither of which side would you like to give up. Again. they asked the groom: do they like the bride, and is it not better to go back and do it in their own way. Menich again confirmed that they like the bride and suggested that they do better retinue themselves. They returned from the field all again to Kurochkino IA, stating: "Well, bother, be your way. We decided to respect you, accept your conditions, let God pray." Now, a prayer was held and, having prayed to God, they blessed the groom and bride, and then the wedding soon died. Alexander Fedorovich and Alexandra Ivanovna had a man of 10 children, including one twins, i.e. two boys were born at the same time, but most of them died as infants earlier than a year, their son Iletri and two daughters, Anfisa and Anna, survived, a more detailed explanation will be given below in the next chapter. Alexander Fedorovich, still in his childhood, worked first at the oil mill, and then at the tanning under the control of Ivan Timofeevich, at the end, before his marriage, he was already in his father’s factory. And when the Turkish war began and prichal V. Vyatka governorate otu Molkіyela trusted Aizik. Sholmonovich E Pevznerv, zaarent..gatT .:_______66_______ the finished factories to work for Malkel and demanding that the water owners go to fairs for the purchase of raw materials, then first of all the peasant, like the eldest, Ivan Timofeevich, and with them, assistants and students for purchases, Alexander Fedorovich and Vasily Parfenovich Bought at the indicated. Pevzne rum. cѣnam in a common pile and distributed to all plants. Fyodor Timofeevich, with the help of his son Pavel, did homework at the home of Am’s household and the work of a factory, and also helped donated his wife Ivan Timofeevich, who, in the absence of her husband, managed her factory, since her two children were still quite a few. Aizi Shol. Pevzneri recognized Aleksandr Fedorovich as very capable, whether you consider it to be conscientious and not lazy, shying away from any assignments that gave everything that was due, not even to him. A. Pevznerv began to ask Fedor T. everywhere to send Alexander not only with Ivan. T., but also with. Ilya Tym. or with. Dolgushnymі, or si ІІ.V. Rovlovymѣ, and Fedor Tim. he liked and flattered that his son was satisfied. They agreed, and granted the right to A..Pevzner to send Alexander anywhere and anytime. After 2-3 years, Aleksandr Fedorovich was recognized by Pevzner as a special dealer in purchasing and steel began to continue to be sent, already alone, on an equal footing, with the elders. Voloda’s wife, Alec Sandrѣ Ivanovna, didn’t like this — her husband’s frequent and long-term absence from home, she sometimes persuaded him: “Why don’t you tell your father or Aizik Sholmonovich to send someone else, or set up a queue? To go away one by one, and I’m home alone for two, and Pavel Fed. everything is up to me, and Parfen Timofeevich’s sons are much less often than youtg TTіt:eLT + TH_______67_______at least once you’ve refused. ”They rejected:“ She didn’t want to refuse for long, but asking for the same thing was much more difficult. If I refuse, of course, it’s not because of me that I don’t stop sending someone else, and he tries to send no worse than 11th of January, and then he will be sent, but I won’t pay attention to Kenya and stay, work in the factory along with E Friends! I, and I always come without failure, and thanks to this, not only A.Sh. is in good standing. Pevzner, but also with the most important owner of Dolkiel. ”Alexander Fedorovich worked up to 40 years after that. After finishing work for Volkiel, at independent work at his own risk and expense,Fyodor Timofeevich, both for purchases and raw materials, as well as for sales and issued kokhs, sent Alexander Fedorovich to the Nizhny Novgorod Fair CEE Moscow. Let seven Alexander Fyodorovich and his wife lived in a well for the sale of goods, and their children remained at home and studied BE Slobodsky), under the supervision and supervision of Denyodushka Fedor Timofeevich. Then, fling 36, Alec sander FedorovichE BE !! oskvѣ sick, and Fedor. T. demanded him home, and on 14th of October he decided to live Pavel Fedorovich. By this time, about 15 years old, he had finished his studies at the Sloboda City School Stepan Fedorovich; then Fyodor t., with the help of Stepan and the half-sick Alexander, began to cope with them at home for their factory. Stepan, under the leadership of Vasiliy Parsenovich, began to spend $ 20 to buy raw materials at the Irbit, Tke, Ishim and Shadrinsk fairs, and before fairs, autumn, Stepan and Aleksander weekly, on Saturdays and Tuesdays, kam, they bought raw materials at the Slobodsky bazaar. Separation from stepan Stepan was purchased for 35 rubles a small Siva horset_______68_______the Kyrgyz Stepnyachek, who ran rather quickly, but very wild. When leaving the yard, I threw myself at the door or at the gated / opened gates, so sit and hold tightly, otherwise you will die. Go to the bazaar Saturday, at 4 a.m., Alek sander 2. go Stepanov went to the bazaar for buying leather. As usual, small amounts of money, bills, and a book were fussed over the ironic street, which was placed in the sleigh and sank on it; the coachman is not with me. they took, and the youngest Stepan F. took the rule of the horse. When they sat down on the sled, opened the gate, this horse threw the gate, and behind the gate we turned sharply and quickly to the right, towards the road. Sudki ki Alexander and Stepan could not resist and both fell out onto the snow on the left side; the horse ran away to the path, and the casket went up to the sleigh. Now they immediately ordered the second horse to be banned from another sleigh and went to catch the runner who had gone down the road, in the direction of Slobodsky, but they ordered the worker at home: when father Fedor T was Esten, then tell him about what had happened. Alexandri Stepan reached Slobodsky, nowhere did they see their crippled horse, but since they had some paper money in their pocket, they immediately started buying leather. Hours at 4 I / 2 stood Fedor. t. and ordered him to expressly horse, to go also to Slobodskoy. The horse was harnessed to him and reported that Sivko had thrown Alexander and Stepan out and left for the path, taking the box with the money with him. Fyodori immediately fell down and slept in Slobodskaya, but went out to the path to see the blow from the side of Vyatka, directed towards Slobodsky’s movement. Ask them if they have come across.From_______69_______a large strong horse that killed one bezdok sodokov and bezku ku: chera. Women disagree that I’m not hitting them, but that about a mile from here, near the river Rubezhnitsa, to the side of the road 3 to a snowdrift, there is a kind of small horse with a sleigh; Because of darkness, they did not discern her suits. Apparently, she became entangled in the carriage and turned it into a snowdrift, a hundred and a hundred, and about dignity? two Tatars walk, and on the road there is still a horse with sleigh - 11 of them are from the Tatar. Fyodor Timofeevich thanked the women, together with Slobodsky, at the direction of Vyatka. Lose the Saven 20 to see, 2 Tartars come on the horse. He asks them: "Didn’t the horse come to you? I’m ready to go, without a widow." The Tatars reject E: "Yes, I got there, versts two from here bokir; in Vyatka, show me soon enough." Sami ponukuyte your boat and cі: ѣ start to leave. So Fedori guessed that it wasn’t often at the tartars, why they needed to be found out. Turn your horse, catch up with the Tatars, forgive them to stop - they don’t stop. Then they overtake the Tatagra. SE Fedor. T. was a coachman, who, at the charge of the owner, approached the ki of the Tatar horse, took the prisoners, stops the horse, and Fedor t. Approached the square of the Tatars with a sleigh and saw that one of them was sitting on the casket. But she asks from delicacy: “Didn’t you find“ on the road on the neck of the Casket the iron one and didn’t lift it, because the horse was running away and the casket was sleeping, it could fall expensive. Maybe you saw it on the road and picked it up. ” The Tatars said: "No, no, we didn’t see anything, didn’t raise anything, and told you the truth that your horse was there; move ahead soon, catch up, they’ll also steal your casket there." Fedor T. see thatone-oneRst_______70_______it’s shameless to tell the tare, point the box at the casket Tatarѣ and said: “And what is this? This is our casket”. He told his coachman to lead his horse and let the prisoners go home, and he, on his horse, went on a drive home. Come on two horses in the courtyard invitation: Tatars you are at home and brought a box with you. Fyodor Timofeevich politically thank the Tatars for picking up the casket and for delivering, taking a three-ruble note out of their pocket, giving it to them - I don’t accept Tatars, say: “N%, t, BE fіka tulkѣ, maybe maybe we’ll lie, we’ll be lucky show up and get the legitimate part *. He comes up to the table and wants to take and carry the box. Fedor T. to say: “Come on, stop! all oforia and M.V. casket of paper money nt, how much honey, trifle, scores and books, key от take it from my son’s pocketѣ, and the son to the cityѣ. Now I’ll have no opportunity to select and Show until my sons return home, and on the second day I have witnesses that you didn’t find a reel on the road, but pulled it out of the sled — it saw the traffic. Then, if you were fucked to declare that PE was found by the police, then in the very first village you should have done so for the village tenor at the ten’s witness with two witnesses, and then you should take the descendant to the police officer or the bailiff. But two villages passed by, and did not say a single one; finally, my coachman, the third witness, that when I asked Vasya if you had put a casket on the road, you said that you didn’t put any caskets on the road. If we now call the nickname squad and ask them to draw up a protocol, then we should take the official position and be transferred to the district judge, who willI AM_______71_______andCT 1Ajudge by law, and Vasya could accuse intentionally of thieves and concealment. They can be sentenced to prison, and then I will not have the right to even intercede for Vasya. Therefore, before it’s too late, I offer you a choice - get three rubles and another treat with a glass of vodka and go with. Bogomi, where you know, but if you don’t agree, then now we’ll sendѣ for the officer and give. go rightful way. "Then the Tatars were pacified and say:" Well, God eat neither, that there to mess with the court; we see that your casket is, and let it remain with you; let's have a nice trash and treat for a glass, and say goodbye - we need to send BE Slobodsky to the bazaar, maybe you too "Tatars took out, got three rubles, said goodbye and settled, and didn’t see it anymore, didn’t know even II from om their name and surname. Fedor. after all, I went to Slobodskaya; previously, at his order, the coachman went to Rubezhnitsa and brought Sivka home. Fedor. T. kirіkhal BE the city was open at 8 a.m. - see, the sons had already finished the bazaars, bought their skin, but they all worried about where the horse went with a sleigh and with Fathers, hell, told them everything and calmed down, went to church, performed a thanksgiving prayer, but Alexander Fed. was affected so strongly that they soon got to bed and got sick with a fever. Like a doctor only at Slobodskoy for 10 versts, did Fedor offer to transport the patient to Slobodskoy zemstvo hospitals and put them in a separate ward, but the old man did not agree. Bo. I thought that if you suddenly die in a hospital, then it’s time to rebuke him, that the child reacted negligently, let him take him to the hospital and leave him without any knowledge, and there_______72_______to chew, poorly watched, The essence of this and die. It’s better to let the doctors go more often from the Slobodsky village to us, we’ll buy and pay for katady prіzzd and for medicines, no matter what you stand for, but we will treat at home. After a dozen sick, go to crisis and began to recover. Physically, he corrected steel fullness, but lost his memory and eating 40 years of steel is not a way to commercial work. Instead of him, even during the life of Fedor T., Alexander’s son, Peter, began working as a conveyer for 15 years. Aleksandr Fedorovich lived up to 8 years and die in Siberia, with his daughter Anna,The second son of Fedor T., Pavel Fed., Was also a middle-aged man, illiterate and underdeveloped. Up to 35 years of living at home with food, and occasionally sent to buy or sell kokh. He dressed like his father and Alexander. Pavel Fedorovich is married to a peasant girl Olga Dikhailovna Maij from the village of Bogoslovskoe, Vyatskago district, two versts from the city of Vyatka downstream of the Vyatka river - on the bank of the river. In the same village, the tannery of Mikhail Dmitrievich Vich Laptev, built from the peasants bought from this village, is illustrated. Pavel F. had only three children: two daughters - Afanasy and Varia, and one son Alex, whom he did not teach and taught in grade 3 of elementary school. After the illness of Alexander F., Pavel 5. p. He lived for 35 years, during the life of Yedor T., VE Moscow and after his death, he continued to live there with his family, in general, he lived in Moscow for 25 years. Despite this, he didn’t culturally develop, never read any books or newspaper ; He was not interested in public, politics, theater, or sports. Having lived ѣ But well ѣ 25 lie, not been in the palace быв. Nothing cultural interested him.XPHmE_______73_______Amazed they pour in commercial! He finished, he began to dress in starchy shirts, jackets and trousers for graduation, he cut his back not in brace, but in polka, he wore a small, narrow beard. Two daughters of their own were married to Moscow. The eldest, Afanasik - for the baker Nikolai Dmitrievich Sobolev, and the second, Italy - for the manufactory merchant Pavel Vasilyevich Martynov. He married the son of Aleksey Pavlovich, also BE Noskv, to a rich dvitsѣ vѣrѣ Mikhailovna / with a money transfer / from whom Aleksey Pavlovich had only two daughters - Elizaveta and Nadezhda. Alexey Pavlovich. die during the life of his father, 33 years old, from obesity of the kidneys and liver. The funeral of the village of Voznesensko-Vakhrushev in the church fence. His wife and children remained to live in the village of Voznesensko-Vakhrushev, together with Pavlov, Fedorovich, who died during the revolution. Third CEN E Fedora T., Stepan Fed., Were also average. he was tall, Rus, had a small hairy beard and mustache, and his cheeks were shaved. Dressed narrowly in urban, i.e. in starch from the river, jackets and trousers for graduationѣ. He married 18 years, while his father was still alive, to Alexandr Stepanovna PRlova, 17 years old, the daughter of a wealthy peasant, Stepan Illarionovich. Rilі). Ya village Rylovskaya, located a mile away from the village of Vov Nesensko-Vakhrusheva. But the Rylovs HER their village heal is not enough. Their mother constantly lived with their father, Illarіon! Inkiforovich Rylov and he had 4 sons. Senior. FROM NIHE, Illarionovich degree to the rest and 3rd brothers and,: Or, both yellow and white daughters of Pastukhov: VE Kirsѣ and Peskovk. There they sold mana at the invoice, and in the winter they wound up raw lard for soap factories and leather, which ITS at the end of December, at local bazaars.E.g.t_______74_______they drove home and sold Fedor T. to the tanneries, Keni Stepan F., Aleksandra Stepanovna, was not very calm in nature, unrooting of the big family, but, of course, after receiving the account of Fedor T., mainly because of Alexandra Stepanovna, troubles went between the wives of Alexander, Pavel and Stepan, which forced the brothers to split up and live in different houses. at Stepan f. there were no sons, there were only three daughters. The eldest was extradited for Kukarskoe the fellow citizen Leonid Ivanovich Dolgushe. va, after the last name of the house in Slobodskov on Glazovskaya street, the former і.н.н. Shevlakova / Murasha /. The second, Elizaveta, you were given for Vladimirov Mikhailovich Lytkin, serving as a step during the revolution in Siberia to the bank in Nizhny Novgorod clan. The third, Alexandra, was already issued during the revolution for a student - a Red Army soldier, a Purger of Furgalskoy,According to the verbal testament of Fyodor T., who, mind and paradise, had the strength before death of the eldest sons to let 5 not last until growing up the youngest, - the tanning thing went on to do fifteen times. The fourth son, Ivan Fedorovich, remained the new Fedor, who was 12 years old, studied at the VE Slobodsky city school, did not finish the course. Twenty-four married the dévitsѣ Alec. Sandr Vasilievna Kursakova, the daughter of a Kotelnichesky merchant, a tannery breeder. She lived married for six years and died in Kotelnits, leaving behind two children - a son and a daughter. whether the last married Ivan Fed. . many are not known. The youngest son, Vasiliy, having remained after the father’s birthday of seven, die of the age of twenty in the well and there and the burial. Of the daughters of the thigh Timofeevich, the eldest was married off as a forest merchant Pavel Pavlovich Zarkin to the village of Nagorivee, Sloboda district. Father of Pavel Pavlovich Zarkin, Pavel PoP_______75_______Manovich Zarkin was illiterate, but very developed and respected in society. By choice, there are peasants. Nagorny volost, they served 25 district and provincial vowels and members of the Slobodsky Zemstvo administration. The property in the town of Slobodsky and in the town of Vyatka and in the village of Nagorsky is their good home. It was rafting from the upper reaches of the Vyatka river, from Kaya to Vyaku, and the best was resold to Shamov for rafting Astra Khan, and small varieties of forest and firewood were sold by V. Vyatka to Slobodsk breeders and public institutions. He was very hospitable, ҳlѣbosol. In the autumn, every year during the Vinny's carriage, the hazel grouse has its own ice creams, which you like abound in plenty. There, in Kayu, it is worth 5-10 kopecks. a couple, even you Slobodsky bought the retailers to send to Moscow and St. Petersburg at 15-20 kopecks. for a couple. But Zar threw when he drove and treated not only at home, but also gave his 4 E to his relatives. ВаҳруG Вн and various friends! E. Son of his Pavel Pavlovich was not so developed. Sn died earlier from his father, such and his gene Narya Fedorovna died even earlier than the June. Her mother remained four eyes, which were brought up by Pavlo & Rozanovich. Zarkins 4 g.The second daughter of Fedor T., Yekaterina Fed., Was given to him in Slobodskaya for Nicanina Vasgilin Nikolaevich Stepanova. She had 2 sons, Vladimir Ikolai, who, after graduating from the Slobodsky city school, served in the congregation office of Fyodor T. The third daughter, Elizaveta, was wow. after the death of Fedor T., issued by Zan ІE Stepan. Fedorovich. from the widower of IIetra Klaronovich Rylov, but soon she was widowed and had no children. The last daughter, Anna Fedorovna, wasoneі,+onetі.keLI үг 7 111from}.,_______76_______on Stepan. b. for the suburban medina !! Ikolay 11 of Ivanovich Balezin, who had a small house 2 on Glazovskaya ulitsa in Slobodsky, and a water mill BE sezilinsky to grind peasants from grain to corn. There were - and they had children, and how they lived during the revolution is not known to many.Fedor. T. assure BE 1891 on the year of August a month, seven ten two years, shortly after the laying of the temple in his village, and therefore the village of s. On the 189Ith year it was renamed into the village of Voznesensko-Vakhrusheko. To bring the deceased and scavenging to the church of the village of Spasskalo were invited to the Sloboda Father Dean Archpriest Andrei ZNAYATIN, 31 Dvichiago Monastery, who is the Apparition Father John. Zorin, zѣ Sloboda Monastery Teromonakh Feodosiya Spassky priest, father! The baths will be sung, and the choirs of the catholic church. The weather was good, I had to carry the tombs on my hand 7 versts to the village of Spas Skago. The clergy and clergy in a fully vested church accompanied him in a tear, more than a thousand people were gathered from the surrounding villages; nevertheless, T. Fedork among the peasant population was very fond of and respected, it was much more pleasant or even for even from the remote villages of Stulovo and Shepelevskaya volosts. The carrying out ceremony was grandiose, every peasant, though he tried a little bit, carried it and was holding a coffin. and often each other turns blue. The process of drivers stretched to: 20gree of the fields of verses on two. Not another day, after the Liturgy in Sasskovi’s store, a solemn ceremony took place with the clergy and the same choir, and the tomb was buried and buried again in the hands of Vesnoje village.At 11•-T.--!!buried pop, under construction church under the floor in the basementone._______77_______the offer of the temple. On the next. I didn’t go while the entire storehouse was still under construction, but this two-pronged end was the heir - by Fedor I. I was plastered, put an iconostasis with icons and got all the necessary church utensils - this is from the section of the church with the throne in honor of the Prophet lei, was si раз nsya Vyatskogo Archіerea, consecrated dean8, father. Piroto ierem. Andrew. Zah Yag is different. Іirestolny holidays idly celebrate annually 20 і Ля. The iconostasis, against the grave of the thigh of Timoseyevich, was the icon of his Angel: Fedor Stratilat; , celebrating the new church on February 8th.The second wife of Fedor T., Olga liavlovna, with the beast at 10 later. She was buried in the church fence at the same time of Her Church.Fyodor’s peculiarity was also that they never had Chlora in such a way as to lie in bed, even with a toothache they had never suffered, and until his death all his teeth were intact. Otherwise, when the liquid, the city 13E, having vegetated, orders to drink immediately the bathhouse, go to steal vnikova’s intensively. after leaving the bathhouse I will drink tea with daalina and 2-3 punch with rumo m, go to bed, close my bridal, put on mossy tulips, I get up in the morning completely and we are healthy E. And if I feel a little chill, now I demand again the bath and by ETor all yesterday's treatment, finally, will achieve well-being. nago result. Everyone admired and envied his health and said that all his life he would not be ill, and if he becomes ill, you won’t be able to cure him, just die. So it happened - before death, the pain was not more than a week, the doctors were taken daily and they were in good condition, but the doctors said that there was nothing to treat, the organisms were already worn out and had to be wiped out soon. So far and in the sphere-TstTtergoTHOSE_______78_______T.’s misfortune has never been removed on an otographic card in his entire life, considering this an unsuitable urban peasant for the peasant. When he died, the heirs wanted to, at least dead, leave themselves as a keepsake of his photograph. He took the photographer’s city and before the takeaway, when the legal was still on the table, not in the coffin, a photographic card was removed. Children of their own, Fedori, etc., should not be forbidden to take pictures during their lifetime, and each had its own photographic card, but there was no commonBy the day of Fedor's death, so-called real estate — goods and a kaltala — approximately BE bags of about sixty thousand rubles were determined. The escors were formed by the heirs of the Historical 14 E Act, through the E Pagan notarius E.P. The hetskago’s switcher, a merchant, under the hips of Teefeevich Wahru’s singing sons “, with the main capital: BE one half” - Alexander and Pavel Fedorochi Vakhruvievy in the amount of 30,000 p. 1 in the second half - Stepanі, Ivan and Vasily on 30,000 p. In the event of a wish of someone else to leave the common company, he should have said this no less than half a year before October 1, because Each year, the annual report of the entire activity of doiril was compiled by October and was signed by all and participants of the company. As it was said above, Torgovy Don is a complete and complete existence: five sons are 15 years old, and then after the release of Stepan Fed., The rest of the heirs worked another ten years with the same company, and another 51 ** will be said below, following the eye. .Third son. Timofey Antimovich - Vakhrushev, Ivan Timofee - vich, as said, was to blame on Anna Andreevna Trega bean. Both of them were illiterate, both of medium height, Ivan T. wore a wide broad beard and mustache, dressed like a zani-from.Et.. ~ ..і.BUT._______79_______the exact peasant - a merchant, was. commercially well developed, sharp-witted, prudent, although not very culturally enlightened, but still a bit cultured, elder brothers, read a local newspaper, was interested in the public, served to elect three-year-old churchwarden, Slobodskoy city vowel and donated 1,000 towns and cities. . to cover part of the cost of a highway between the city. Slobodsky demyanka. When he was still young, it was true Stulovsky. By a public gathering in hair, the construction of the rural municipality government for public peasant money specially collected for this. Upon completion of the construction, they presented a report to the community and, to the surprise of the community, the construction turned out to be better, and the money raised for the construction turned out to be surplus. Then Ivan, adding a little more for rounding up, we still wanted to put some money on ourselves, and put it in the bank all this balance is for interest, and when the Sunnah grows with interest, then build a public almshouse for the elderly peasants and candidates in the Stulov volost. BE of God for a long time and a committee for ruling better, to elect chairs by volosts in a gathering. I agreed to this suggestion by the volost. Money was stored in a 15th bank. ShortlyIn the event of death, Ivan T. reminded Stulovsky society that at the time I would have already completed the construction of the almshouse. The rural municipality gathered and you principle agreed that it was necessary to build, but not a suitable public land. Then Ivan T. suggested that if a society is found suitable, to build an almshouse in the village of Voznesensko-Vakhrushev, then he would sacrifice for the construction of an almshouse the necessary land. Society gratefully accepted,_______80_______it was a donation and elected a committee of peasants nearest. In the village village, there are 4 people, and on the 5th, the president and treasurer of the company elected the eldest son Ivan T., Ivan Ivanovich, with whom he entrusted the construction and management for three years, and then, after three years, Ivan Ivanovich was re-elected for a new three-year period, with new ones, the rest of the members of the committee for the management of wisdom. When the entire Voznesensko-Vakhrushev church was built and consecrated, and there already existed, a zemstvo school for boys, Ivan Timofeevich, at the suggestion of the rector of the church, father Nikolai Ivanovich Dobrovolskago, built a small stone one-story classroom parish school for girls - peasants. of this nature. After 12 years, expand it - by sending the annexes and laying on the same stone second floor E. It was designed to make a two-year ministerial school, but could not finish, since Ivan Timofeevich died.Ivan Timofeevich considered necessary. to give children a good education. They had 6 sons: Ivan, Mikhail, Semyon, Alexander, Konstantin and Nikolai, and two daughters: Elizabeth and Paul. From his sons, he taught the Vyatka classical and already gymnasium, and the daughters of the Vyatka women's gymnasium, but neither sons nor daughters completed the full course of the gymnasium; some left the 4th, some of the 5th class. Senior Ivan Ivanovich didn’t serve the military service, being legally left with parents according to the I-th privilege. For Vihail, the recruitment receipt was read. The seed is dead. 20 years before the call. The fourth, Alexander, entered the military service of volunteers, and then went to a military school and sent a warrant officerstock up. Konstantin and Nikolai were military presence forfrom_______81_______Defective and enlisted militia of the second category. Ivan Iva Novich was married to Aleksandr Andreevna Brovtsina, the daughter of the match factory owner of the village of Cheptsi, Vyatskogo uzda, Chepetskaya in vost. Soon after the marriage, Ivan Iv. On the other hand, they were sent to live in Moscow for the sale of leather goods and the provision of Quartermanship from the company of Ivan T. Vakhrushev. WIvana Eve. and Alexandra Andreevna was the only daughter of Augustus, and the son of vey was not. ВМaskвѣ Ivan Yves. lived years. 6, then the former was the second brother. Mikhail, and Ivan Iv. began to live at the factoryѣ. His wife, Alexandra Andreyevna, went with her daughter Avga in the spring to the steamboat Vyatka in Kazan, and on the way, having bought raw unboiled milk from a woman on the shore, on the pier, she gave her daughter to drink this milk. Immediately the daughter fell ill. To ѣҳavӣ to the large marina of Medvѣdka, Nolinsk district, the Vyatka province, the doctors were called. Upon examination, the doctors identified diphtheria in acute form. Both mother and daughter took off a couple of moves, and after half a day the girl died. After burying the child in Kedvѣdkah, Alexandra Andriyevna immediately went to Vyatka from the ship, but she stopped by Vyatka / by telegraphic notification from Medvdok from the doctor to the harbor senior doctor. Vyatka Provincial Hospital, examined her and did not let go to the village of Voznesensko-Vakhrushevo, but took him to the Provincial Hospital. They gave an urgent body gram to the ear with a request to immediately send Vyatka to the hospital. About 2 hours later, the husband arrived, and the wife had already died, too, was an erythritis. With great difficulty and trouble they took her away in a zinc sealed coffin to the village of Voznesensko-Vakhrushevo and buried in the church fence.t_______82_______The second son. Ivan Tim., Mikhail Ivanovich, were married to Olga Dmitrievna Susloparova, a wealthy peasant woman, daughter of a Nolinsk patrol trader. Children with Michael Eve. and Olga Dmit. there were many, not less than ten, but some were dying as infants. We survived. For the son: Nicholas, Leonid and Seraphim E, and for the daughter: Alexandra, Mary and Vor. Late ten Michael Eve. lived with Moscow with their family in Moscow, and later, when Vyatka connected the railway with Siberia, Moscow and St. Petersburg, then all the Vakhrushevs closed their warehouses and trades in Moscow, began selling and supplying the army with factories, and Mikhail Yves. moved with his family to the village of Voznesensko-Vakhrushevo.Ivan Timof. In about 1893, I bought Alexei Alekseyevich Khlybov, a small tanner backwater with a small but new good AXE, at my Demand’s camp, from my friend who bought it, but in addition I bought three small plots near the water, right next to it, all extensions. The last one was completely broken and began to expand its Demyansk, i.e. former Khlybovskiy backwater and houseѣ. Sam moved to live with the whole family on Demyanka. Ivan Ivanovich married a second time to Nadezhda IIavlovna Pasynkova, until the death of Slobodsky district police officer. The newlyweds settled to live on Demyanka, in the same house as the elderly, and in the village of Voz nesensko-Vakhrushev, idle ensign began to live at that timeShchik reserve Alexander Ivanovich. The rural house began to fall into disrepair, and by order of his father, Alexander Ivanovich rebuilt the whole house, expanding it along the fathom by three.On Demyankѣ Ivan Yves. I lived with my young wife for a year, go to ask my father to separate them, becausem...Ku_______83_______of an intelligent family, did not want to live in a уж shorter merchant family ѣ. Ivan Tim. first he persuaded, then he got out, distance to Ivan Eve. 15 or 20 thousand rubles. and released ѣ go to Siberia in the Irbit fair через through Pavel Vasilievich Rylov, Ivan. Willow met the Irkutsk merchant Ignatov and entered his service in the city of Irkut. Having served with Ignatov for about a year, he personally rented a small tanneries for himself from EE Irkutsk and discharged from the house of the tanneries master Ivan Ipatovich Bakulev, a peasant in the Stulov volost, the village of Baku. Having worked in Siberia five years, Ivan Iv. He lived all his money and again returned to his father. His father built a separate house behind the church in the village of Voznesensko-Vakhrushev, a strip of land and the entire peasant land overhaul. At home, Ivan Ivanovich rented an apartment - the upper one was for a hundred new bailiff, half of the lower floor was for him as police guards, and in the second half of the lower floor there was a dignity: with his second puppy, Nadezhda Pavlovna, before the revolution . They had no children. Near his home, on his overworked peasants. the land of the land, which goes to the postal tract, opposite the altar of the church, Ivan Ivanovich to destroy the peasant of the Vyatka province. Bobyanskago village, Alexy Fedorovich Babintsev, built a small wooden house, 2 floors, and set up a rural shop for food and other goods. Having rented the land to Babintsev for ten ten. But as a general matter, my father did not accept Ivan Ivan., But granted Yen the right to work in his company as an employee — a clerk, for a certain salary. While Ivan Eve. were in Siberia, Ivan Tim. with the rest and sons arranged notarial_______84_______act, through notary E.P. Sventorzhitskago, trading house, go to the company "Ivan Timofeevichѣ Vakhrushev with sons"; fixed capital 120,000 rubles. In the same time, the 5th son married. . Konstantin Ivanovich. on the road Mariy Ivanovich Shutova, daughter of the wealthy peasant Ivan Fedorovich Shutov, on the Kazan tract, in the village In the burns. The Vyatka district, which sold a storey, sat in a rural shop and bought up rye flour and oats, and resale factories and Vi Vyatka in bulk. Prende, in order to capture the bride from Shutov, Konstantin Ivanovich and his parents went to watch and match the bride from Glazovsky district, to the village of Uni, to V. I. A. Lozhkin, but for some reason they were locked with them. The box didn’t work out. But returning home from E Uney, they went to Vyatskiy district, to the village of Vozhgala, to Shutov. Elo sovalo so that you that day when there was a matchmaking between Konstantinom Ivan. Vakhrushevyk and the Lozhkinykh, then almost every day Shutov had a visit to Vozhgalakh Vasily Parfenovich Vakhrushev, a son, who wanted to marry daughter Maria Ivanovna for Nikolai Vakhilievich Vakhrushev. For some reason this also failed. And Nikolai Vasilievich was eaten by his parents, not returning home from. Vozhgal, we went to Glazovskiy uzdz, to Uni. Thus, the next day, Konstantin Ivanovich and his parents went to Voyagala, they seized Mary Ivanovna; and Niko ly Vasilievich, also the next day, with his parents arrived at. Uni to Lozhkin, and they seized Anna Ivanovna Lozhkin for Nicholas Vasilyevich Vakhrushev. And three weeks later, weddings took place, although not every day, but on one week. Konstantin Tinh Ivanovich in the firm "Torgovy Don Don Ivan Tim. Vakhrushev with sons" for a long time started to buy raw materials, they opened-:::_______85_______Noah at all raw-material fairs, while the old man lived. Ivan Tim. Three years before the death of his father, Konstantin Ivan, stood out from the Torgovago House and started his own furrier. business. Sewing of sewing and sewing from Neya Mukhovѣ, lived with his wife in his father’s house below. They had no children.Fourth son. Ivan Tim., Alexander, the warrant officers of the reserve, married late Konstantin, six years later, to the daughter of a halter who served in the distillery near Alexandrov in Sokolovka, Olga Ilyinishn Pikova. Soon after Konstantin, the ides of Torgovago Doma and Alexander Iv. Stood out, and also moved to furrier's house, and also lived on Demyanka’s father’s home. Finally, two years later, the youngest son of Ivan Tim married. , Nikolai Ivanovich, in the second cousin ѣ girl ѣ Claudia Andreyevna ах Vakhrusheva. Last year they had three daughters: Tatyana, Zoya and Nina. The previous one was kind to 12 years old, did not say anything, and the last time, during the revolution, they lived in Glazov. Nina drowned BE рѣкѣ Чепцѣ, Sno vey at Nikolai Yves. did not have. During the life of Ivan Tim., Son Nikolai lived with his family in the village of Voznesensko-Vakhrushev at the factory, and managed these plants, and the foreman was for a long time the former artisan of leatherworking IKE Ivan Alekseyevich Fofonov from the village of Bakharenskaya, Stulovsky volost. And at the Demyansk tannery - a factory, managed by Ivan Timof himself, the master was a former student, the former coachman Alexander Bystryagov.Over the past time, Ivan Tim has remained in the trading house. with two sons, Michael and Nicholas. He himself lived all the time on Demyank, a past of a merry character, he liked to joke with me, I was very hospitable, and he liked to go toG_______86_______almost, not only to relatives, but also to friends, and the sign - the manor. E, public agent AE or official. 4. of the town of Slobodsky, like, for example, a police officer, a zelinsky head, a city mayor, a zemstvo council chairman, an inspector, etc., sometimes it’s even easy to play strangely, and all of whom Byzal, often invited to himself. In the village of Voznesensko-Vakhrushevo, too, they often went to all the birthday or wedding celebrations with all the brothers and tribes - nicknames, with the exception of the last time, brother Ilya and his children, and that only after the wedding of daughter Elizabeth, marry her for I.N. Lytkina. And two years before his death, Ivan Tim. and myself. I left the company, transferring the company and everything to Mikhail and Nikolai, after the death we conquered the backwater of Alexander and Konstantin, and to the village and backwaters Mikhail and Nikolai. The daughters of Yves to Timofeevich, Elizaveta and Pavel were extradited while they were still alive, Elizaveta Ivanovna married Sloboda merchant Ilya Mikhailovich Lytkin. But when her marriage was extradited, between brothers Ivan Timofeevich Иль and Ilya Tiya, both of them were due to the suitors, there was a great deal of trouble and a complete breakthrough to death. The point was that the Glazovskiy coupe Cesky son Mikhail Latvich Pillar, look after the daughter of Ilya Timof. Anna Ilinishna, got married to her, but the rumor didn’t agree that because of the amount of the dowry: the groom’s parents stipulated some amount, and the parents didn’t give a half less for her. Then Pillar began to care for Elizabeth Ivan. and soon was officiated by rumor. At the same time, Sloboda merchant Ilya M. Lytkini began to look after the daughter of Ilya T., the same Anna Ilyinishna, and soon, too, officially engaged and married forPi_______87_______were being prepared. Afterwards, the engagement party was upset, the daughter of Ilya Timof. Anna Ilinishna refused to go for Lytkin, and Stolbov refused to marry Elizavet Ivanovna. A little time passed and it turned out that Anna Ilyinishna was a guest in Vyatka with the assimilation of the sister of Alexandra Ilyinishna “Lapteva, who was formerly arrested for Petrovich Fedorovich. Laptev, and Pillar was a relative of Nicki - cousin P.F. Laptev and also formerly often Laptev’s, and again his sympathy and love for “Ann Illyishn” was kindled, and both set an ultimatum to their parents. Then Ilya Tim agreed to all the requirements of the Stolbovs and again caught Anna Ilyinishna, already in favor. 4. Pillar. Registration or at a glance and soon the wedding took place.Ilya Mih. Lytkin did not grieve for long, he began to look after Elizaveta Ivanovna, and the wedding also took place immediately. Ivan Timof. They considered themselves offended, or even disgraced, that Ilya took such an actuality in relation to his sibling Ivan, namely, after the two official engagements took place, the couple prayed to God, and the grooms kissed each other with tricks, - Ilya, t., Was not afraid of God, violated his own word given to him by the Holy Icon, and by the same token, he also took out his own brother Ivan. until his death Ivan T. did not forget or forgive Ilѣ T. for this insult; the last ten years of life, Ivan and Ilya did not meet each other. Despite the fact that when the Voznesensko-Vakhrushev church was still being built, long before this quarrel, Ivan Timofeevich was an equal participant in the construction of this church, but after this troubles, he finally moved to live in Demyanka, there andСңік:die, and ordained to be buried not at his church, but._______88_______elevenhis wife Anna Andreevna was buried in the town of Slobodsky, in the man’s monastery in the church fence / ibid., as a result. About two years before his death, Ivan Ti ofeevich for the construction of a parish school, according to the presentation of the Diocese of the Nizhnii Udnazhgo College, was awarded. Konar nannies - rewarding the second neck silver medal on the Annensky ribbonѣ. His last photograph - a large wall port - each son had a pair of medals with.The youngest daughter of pXE, even during the life of her parents, was you - married. Pavel Ivanovna married her cousin and .. Lytkin, Mikhail Ivan. Shmeleva, who traded in manufactory in the city of Glazov. After the death of his father, Michael Eve. with his family, he moved from oskva, җil vy selѣ Voznesensko-Vakhrushev. The old houses remained to Nikolai Iv., And Michael Iv. close to that road, closer to the highway, a new large house is built up or on the same, with a large terrace, coming into the garden. The last pasture was a planting between the house of E Nicholas and Michael, there was a very large rezitѣra and split in half. KE current and friend do. CE of 1908 to 1912, after the Senator - Garinsky revision of the quartermans, all suppliers to the army, both domestic goods, and woolen goods and others., Experienced enormous Cree Vis, were completely stagnant BE dulakh, deliveries to the army are shortened , a lot of breeders went bankrupt, including the Bargain went bankrupt. Domi Ivan Tim. Vakhrusheva with sons, in the person of two sons - Michael and Nikolai. Creditors on their property have established bankruptcy management of the company. Vyatskago Prisyazhnago Povrennago Alego. Prozorova, who is a representative of creditors from the Vyatskogo branch_______89_______Volga-Kanskago Bank. Mikhail and Nikolai submitted a competition to the management of all the books for a few years and all the property. the bankruptcy management found everything in order, nothing was hidden, the bankruptcy was not recognized as malicious, but as an accident caused by unfavorable circumstances. Nicholas and Michael were left free, were not imprisoned in a debt prison. Mikhail Ivanovich joined the tannery. In fact, Trifon Mikhailovich Laptev was served at Laptev from 1913 until 1915 for the purchase of raw materials. Nikolai Ivanovich and his family, Ukhal BE Slobodskaya bridle in the Tatar village of Carino, opened there on a rental? land ѣ a small flour mill, having bought. on the inherited means of the wife, received by her after the death of her parents, i.e. An Drey Parfenovich and Tatyana Pavlovna, a small steam loco - Mogat v; the locomotive, heated by purchased and wood, was expensive to maintain, and then it was difficult to compete with watermills; From this business, Nikola Ivanovich barely rushed to his content with canopy. Having worked in Karin. Until 1915, he found a buyer and sold everything and returned to the village of Boznesensko-Vakhrushevo. During this time, there was a great European war between Russia and Germany. Demand for leather goods was enormous; then Omsk merchant E, a Jew. Gutermaher, invited Nikolai and Mikhail to open a trading house for the first time, and gave them credit for raw leather.But part of their factory in the village of Voznesensko-Vakhrushev ѣ competitive management was leased and leased to Torgon don Don Fedor Tim. Sons. Last to this factory, they used only a mechanical shoe factory for sewing soldiersus"_______90_______Paul, located in the upper floorѣ one stone court of mustache. The lower ones were empty. Brothers Michael and Nikolai went to A.A. To Prozorov, the chairman of the competitive management, to ask for advice and resolution, - Can they give the beer the right to work in the free part of the plant, in the lower floors, to Inzhin. Prozorov said that it is not illegal, and he agreed with the competition to provide them for rent that free part of the plant for cheap ”rent. But for this, it is necessary to establish a trading house in the name of ken. Notorious act, and moreover, it is necessary from a trading house. Fedor T. Vakhrushev's written consent to lease the rest of the plant, because the main part of the plant, the shoe factory, is on lease, and for a very good rent. If the Trade House of Wahru Hip is a sow of sons to admit to themselves that there are no pie and inconvenient two tenants at the same factory, although in different rooms, then they have the right to refuse their contract. Then the competitive management, chasing to get with. The amount of I-2 thousand lease paid by Vasya will be tens of thousands of rubles of the rent received. Vakhrusheva sons. This competitive management does not go:Then Mikhail and Nikolai kindly asked for consent to the foregoing from Torg. The houses of F.T. Vakhrushev St. Vy. Lastly, this consent was sent in writing to the name of the contest representative A.A. Prozorova. Then the wife of Mikhail, Olga, wife of Nicholas, Klavdiya, and the wife of the third brother Alexander, also Olga organized a trading house notarially. under. by the company * About .. O. Vakhrushevs ", with declared capital of 30,000 rubles, and since 1915 began to tanner again in the village of Voznesensko-Vakhrushev."- BUT .gliL.One_______91_______ Nikolay Yves. At first he managed the factory, and then Mikhail and Mikhail refused to serve with T.M. Lapteva also began to live at the factory and work together with si Nikolai. Snni Mikhail Iv., Nikolai Mikhailovich, 19 years old, in 1915, to take the active army on military service, he was captured by the Nenets; being captured in Frankfurt, they searched for the machine building factory of Manus, from which in some factories: the Vakhrushevs were pruned even before the war, leathery shoes for me — since Russia didn’t produce similar machines. Vakhrushev, a captured Russian soldier, having come to this factory, asked the director of Shulze, speaking Russian in Russian. He recommended himself to him, explaining that he was one of the Vakhrushevs, who were Menusov’s clients before the war, and now, thanks to the war, the patient is not happy, he is in captivity and in a healthy material situation, and, most importantly, he can’t write anything parents asking for help. Then the director. Nan mustache V.G. Shulze, despite the fact that he was visited by a soldier of the Russian Aryn Il, who was at war with Geri Nii, kindly offered him a little financial help, saying that when you return home, you will be able to, then you will be reckoned, and if you fail once it’s not necessary to take this into account, because the surname of Vakhrushevs at our company is worth the best of all among the Russian clients.Nikolai Mikhailovich returned home already during the revolution and drowned in the river Vyatka, v. S. A dream. Alexander Ilyich junior.when in the year 1912 the brothers Mikhail and Hi Kolai went bankrupt, then the rest of the brothers - Konstantin and Alexander Ivano Vichy lived on the demyanka, were furrier, but as theyBUT._______92_______were mutually connected financially! I bills with the five bankrupt brothers, then, as a precaution, they stopped their furrier business. In 1914-18. Alexander. Eve., As the ensign of the ShchIK lasa, 43 years old was sent to the bilizan and sent to Ar Viii to the far east, and X: his wife, Olga Ilinishna, stayed home at Demyanka; in 1915, she entered the third tannery companion into the aforementioned trading house under the company O.K. Vakhrushev. Konstantin Ivanovich, from 1912 to 1914, modestly lived in Demyanka, they did not have children, they did not deal with the commercially BAE. But in the year 1914, when the war began, they opened a small workshop for sewing ammunition items for the army in their Demyankiv factory, collecting a dozen peasant women for women. Constant Yin Yves. brought leather goods made of leather, waist belts, covers for shovels and axes, Yes ux: e cut, from the Torg factory. Dovіv F.T. Vakhrusheva S.I., and the girls sewed. Mariya Iv. Inspected the craftswomen. Sweat, also in the same workshop, nor a soldier of a sheepskin or a short fur coat! For dѣ8 - the ruling army. Ready-made sheepskins were also brought from the same shops. Don F.T. Vakhrushev S.I. Tue 1915 Konstantin Ivan. SE wife ѣ pohal read out something to the squad, stayed in rooms. Kokorevskoy farmsteads and very ill. Here, I’ve got a quick courtyard housing Yeniseysk merchant, a merchant of leathers and a hamt. raw materials familiar with all Vakhrushevs. Disease in Constantine Eve. happened at night, Tue 10. Mariya Ivan. Beat KE P.A. Tonkonogov with a request to call any doctor, since she herself did not know any doctor. The fine-legged leg immediately benefited a well-known professor of medicine, lastІІYest71x1GE_______93_______He examined the patient and prescribed medication to calm him down, but Tonkonogov said in secret that it was dangerous, before the morning, do not live back, "You already, as a friend, prepare for this well." Having visited the doctor, Tonkonogov asked L whether Konstantin Yves had any. Spiritual institution. If there is no spiritual empowerment, and the deceased has no children, but only a wife, then the main heirs, according to Russian laws, are brothers and sisters, and only I / 14th of the capital and 1/7 of the property that is unavailable to them are allocated. It turned out that there was no spiritual will. Then, with the consent of Iar_Iv., II.A. Tonkonogov, at midnight, summoned a familiar notary and made up a spiritual testament, all in favor of the wife, i.e. Mariya Ivanovna. An hour of 2 nights, an Orthodox priest was called in, they were consulted and the patient was taken, and by morning Konstantin. Ivanovich diedѣ. According to the burial, he is in the Orthodox cemetery. Daria Ivano immediately left Moscow to go to Slobodskaya and lived alone on Denyanka, in the same dock at the factory as she was. Iva noml Timofeevich zashchansch Konstantin and Alexander Ivanovich cham. After the last, already during the revolution, Daria Ivanovna took for her niece a company, the daughter of the deceased Elizabeth Ivanovna, who was married to Ilya Mikhail.Jyt - Kin E. They had 6 people of children, and after the death of Elizabeth Qu., Ilya M. Lytkin married a second time in 1: 0 to a young lad. Grandchildren. Ivan Tiim. I didn’t live very well with my father. Look at one of the young ladies I took Mary Ivanovna.Lladshiy son. Tii ofei Anfimovich Vakhrushev, Ilya Timofee VICHE, as stated above, married to Ann Ivanovna Dolgushina. Both were tall; Ilya Timo, small town, namebut notnі that-_______94_______a beautiful salad, a short beard and mustache, the hair behind did not curl much in the curls. He was a developed and cultural elder brother, Chital local newspapers and St. Petersburg home, although the latter, mainly, primarily, looked through the announcement of the Quarterly supplies; played occasionally in cards - II reference; show -Val to theaters, you especially at home, you can say it, you love tel, when his sons also played among the lovers. Ilya T. was very power-hungry, ambitious, independent and stable. They loved the public: two three years of Slobodsky E and the Provincial Zemsky and vowels served in the elections. During the coronation of Emperor Nicholas the 2nd, 10th to the election of the Vyatskago Governor of the Skag Zemstvo, Ilya Timof. was elected representative. The peasants of the Vyatka province, for participation. to the coronation of other representatives from the Vyatka province. At the coronation of BE Moscow, he was present at all celebrations and at the ceremony of the Kremlin - the left palace together with other peasants and volost foremen in all the provinces of Russia. If you bring home a servitude with you - plates and a glass and a printed link, all this with. Russian coats of arms - two-headed eagle. It was proposed to take ownership of the memory with all the representatives of the zemstvos, city volost societies. Ilya T. was privatized and kept at - in her living room, raised like a glassӣ bell and proudlyHe showed it all the time, and he willingly spoke to everyone who desired service. to blame how they were honored to be with the King for a round, and lo and behold. national celebrations. Ilya T. served as church elder for 15 years, first in the village of Spassko-Podgurshinsky, and when you built your church, then he was elected old church stand and in the village of Voznesensko-Vakhrushev. Main, initsatoron byonewhethertіgE}tone._______95_______the construction of his church was Ilya Tim., and this thought was told to him by a Dolgushinsky relative, Jeromonakhoy's father. Ste fanovi Kurteev, who, before monasticism, was the village of Malo - a Zavalinsky teacher, remove all 4 of the Vakhrushev brothersas explained above in the first chapter. when the Tsarskago train crashed into Borkky on October 17, in 1888, then Jeromonakh Father Stefan told the brothers Vakhru shevyvy E that in memory of the miraculous salvation of the family of the Emperor, please immediately build a temple and Bau soon to decide, because no one dare you to slow down the matter or impede, on the contrary, the local authorities will be entirely one. to plead and expedite the petition of EE Petersburg, since it’s been long since Vasya has been talking about the construction of the church. According to the law, in order to open a new parish, it is necessary to collect according to the verdict. up to 1000 souls of both the uzhsky and the female population, who would take upon themselves the obligation to voluntarily provide for their salaries, or for paying private requirements, such as a prayer service, memorial service, wedding, etc. and 35 acres of land. tillage and snowmaking for the use of the clergy. Having discussed all this above all between everyone and the brothers, and finding out; The architect Druzhinin said that the construction of the temple would cost at least 40,000 rubles for the first time, the brothers Ivan and Ilya, and the heirs Parfen Tim., agreed to allocate 10,000 rubles each, and Fedor T. said that he felt that he would die soon and that he no longer has time to live until the end of construction and not be able to pay in full even - the fourth part of the sum sum Ay intended for the construction. Knowing his small capital, he did not want to send himself a child to leave debts to pay on his communion to the church; therefore he sacrificesІ_______96_______now you need only 5,000 rubles from yourself, and then after his heirs, if you can and want, then let him order and sacrifice at his own voluntary discretion. Then Ilya Tim, said that the missing initial amount of up to 40,000 in addition to adding on yourself, i.e. instead of ten, Ilya T. contribute 15,000 p. Now they began to draw up a verdict. 11 we went to the nearest village A4, part of the Spasskogo parish, part of the Wolves of Skago, since both of them came from more than 1000 souls of parishioners. Part of the village gave their voluntary consent to go to the church under construction, without any cost to them on the construction of the church and without paying a bribe, but only pledged to pay certain and, generally throughout Russia, established by customs, kindly free little bags for private stay: not obligatory prayers, requiem, weddings, etc. Then Ivan Fedorovich club, who lived on the postal road, on the 9th verst from Slobo, and its one and a half verstshe is a village of Malozavalinsky, had more than 40 acres of land with a little ѣ cm ѣ and a little som .; It’s not children, but rather old, I was bored to cultivate this land, and most importantly, to pay a land tax for it. They suggested that the Vakhrushev brothers give up tithes of 30 or 35 for the purpose of designing the construction of the church, t. I, so that the Vakhrushevs would pay for him all the official land arrears attributable to him and give a small amount to him in his arms. They all immediately agreed, having formalized they called the state land of the world, the indicated land plots were frozen, the required number for the reasons of the village E Vozne Sensko-Vakhrusheva 1 and as Club Club laid tithes threeL_______97_______one.ETTAthatif it’s superfluous then these Ides Tim, I am married to myself, having arranged a small summer house there. When they arrived at the land Brooch to ridge the land indicated by Klabuko, then the construction of the temple has not yet been resolved orbitally and between the brothers Vakhrushev and there has not yet been written consent, and many said that it would hardly be resolved to build the temple and especially the device: self-parish. Then Pavel Fedorovich, you are halfway through Klabukovskaya Zemlya, Ilya Timofeevich pulled aside, said to him: “Uncle Shka, my father instructed me to tell Vanya whether it would be better to first apply for a church building, and then buy land. Because, if the church will not be built, then personally for us the purchased land is not needed. " Then Ilya Tim. he got excited and drove off the field of Paul F., saying that if you don’t understand anything, then don’t mess and get out of here. As we submit to the application, we will provide land security for the land, if there is no land ahead of us. As long as you give - Kaa Bukov, you need to take it, and after they think it over or die, then: where do we take the necessary land support. Pavel F. took offense and hurt the fields home. When all formalities were observed, then architect Druzh. Yin and Yin made up a plan that completely pleased Vakhrushevizl. The Provincial Vyatka Construction Division approved, and the petition went BE Petersburg. to the Highest Name, since the construction of the temple was motivated by the memory of the miraculous salvation of Emperor Alexander the 3rd with his family during the crash of the Tsarskago train to Borky on October 17, 1888. One day Her Church was appointed in honor of the Prophet Iosii, celebrating the church annually on October 17 , and average, chapters...-::_______98_______- "-" "a new come in honor of the Ascension of the Lord and the third came in honor of St. Nicholas the Wonderworker of the 21st Irish. The village is named after the main nominee at the parish - Voznesenskoe, with the addition of Vakhrushevo. Dispatch from St. Petersburg came soon. We started in the winter of 1889 for preparing quarry stone for the foundation, and up to 31 illi it made bricks for walls. They bought up Slobodskova and Vyatskiy uzdz from all brick craftsmen. They drove all the construction materials, lime, rubble stone, all the way, all winter full carts from morning to evening, everyone drove up and burdened the lines. solid material. B. this time, all the brothers Vakhrushev separated their shaft for the construction of the church, under. church fence and the area around the fence, as well as the house and estate for the occasion. And the village of Zavalyanskaya-Rusanovs donated a small piece of land to the church for the cemetery, near Vakhrushevskogo forest, and behind the cemetery near the land of the village of Blatovskoye Ot Vahru shevskogo forest and to the river Rubezhnitsa lay a wasteland. BE in view of the surplus of land among the peasants of the Blatovka village, they did not grab it and did not plow it. The Vakhrushev brothers simplified: They sold this land personally for themselves, in order to replenish their peasant land ownership, in return for the land that the Vakhrushevs sacrificed - they went to the church and the manor house. The Blatovtsy agreed, they married 5 of them personally for all 4 of the Bakhrushevs E, who paid Blatovtsev on the deed of purchase the equal amount. In the winter of 1890, on the recommendation of the architect, Dr Zhinin, the contractor, stonemason Taras Makarovich Tyurin, was called to the Nizhny Novgorod province, they agreed and concluded no A # E contract - to build the church and bell tower according to the plan and be responsible. the guidance of architect Druzhinin - BE two years: In the spring, on the first steamboats, Taras Makaryevich Tyurin..g_______99_______prіѣkhal with a masons masonry - Chklov 30k 30 - and started building. For the apartment, the masons were allotted a total of ba against the house of Parfen Tim., A former creamery, standing empty. Ilya Timofeevich and Vasily Parfenovich willingly accepted all the troubles at the request and purchase of materials, supervision of the opening of the materials and work, but also the rest of the participants - the donors were not removed from the participation in the care and supervision, and everyone willingly helped what will be required, but not on their own, but discussed first with the rest of the builders and necessarily with IL Tim. and Vasiliyen Parfenovich. The laying of the temple was made on the 1st of July 1890, by His Eminence. Sergiyen, Archbishop. Vyat skits and Slobodsky, with the local. Slobodsky du govvenstvo and the Archbishop's Choir. пѣвчихъ. Fyodor Timofey was already half-sick; he was brought to the bookmark for the service by horse to the ruler-half-dead master: and. Khilin, led by the arms to the platform, where there was a prayer, and behind the prayer Fedor t. All the while sitting on a chairѣ, and M.I.Zhilin kept above him. sun umbrellas, as it was hot, the sun was very hot, they were afraid that a sunstroke would not happen to the old man. After bookmarks in the house of Ilya Timofeevich by all church ministers, church builders - to the donors and invited guests. It was arranged by builders, for the general account, obduѣ. But FedorTim, on the one hand, drowned even more, weakened until the end. be able to sit, squeal home and lie down on the bed, and after half a month or a half, you are half of August a month, die. The heirs of Fedor T., burying him in the basement. Premises of the building of the Tsagosya temple, they decided, and immediately sent out, the chapel of the temple in honor of_______100_______The Prophet Elijah, with full equipment for worship, i.e. with church utensils - silver vessels, vestments, Evan geliev silver salary and all liturgical books at his own expense, not included in the amount of five thousand, communicated. Fedoroch so on construction / which, regardless of the new expenses, were paid as needed and the expenses incurred for the construction /. And on the equipment of this, I came to a great deal, about 5000 rubles were spent independently by the heirs of Fedor. Thus, the amount of the cost of building the temple of CE Ih. side leveled with the sum of the heirs Parfen T. and s. Ivanon Tim ,, and the amount of expenses. Ilya t. And remained 15,000 rubles. The construction of the temple lasted 3 years; In the first year of the Zgou Blennago, about a milli, she only had to build a church to the arches. and reduce the main arch, and fold the bell tower to half; at. the first year, Slobodskoch was visited at the belfry of the foundry plant, the heir of Baku left a complete set. the number of bells, the largest bell being 100 pounds, was ordered by order, and an inscription was made in outer letters of the bells, the letter was donated to donate this bell, i.e. all the brothers Vakhrushev and the heirs of the 4th brother, i.e. the heirs of Parfen Timofeevich. At the beginning of the 2nd year of construction, equipment and sanctification of the basement came. In honor of the Prophet Elijah, as mentioned above, and after the resolution of the Archdiocese, there were immediately performed all public services by the clergy of the village of Volkovskago, since there were two reasons for the storage of Volkovsky and invincible dance of 2 priests with psalmists on Vakhrushev horsesevery holiday was celebratedѣ and on Sundays in turn. So._______101_______thus, the still large church was completed for two years, and the lower one came and all the Divine Services were celebrated. The bells were hung in front of the entrance. You are a basement church on a wooden. platform - a belfry, open from all four sides but under a roof from above, above the bells. All this, i.e. call, it’s already been in order for the first year, even before the consecration of the lower part came, because the lack of ringing and the blessing of the liturgy and the matins of the local people did not consider the full service of the Liturgy, finding it would be a serious violation of the order of neglect. In the second year, the masonry of the bell tower and the temple was completed with five chapters. The gantry roof is closed and gilded gilded crosses are set, and then they are encircled. wooden wooden staircases and staircases are similar, on which materials were worn upstairs during construction.The misfortune happened during the setting up of the cross: BE AND a holiday, the end of the Liturgy in the lower church, clergymen with icons and banners went out to the square in front of the church, a moleben or Holy Crosses were served. / A huge mass gathered for the people who were praying, everyone wanted to see an unprecedented spectacle, as at a height of 30-40 sai. masters will raise and set the cross. At the end of the prayer and sanctuary, raise the bells sober completely, two blacksmiths who worked these crosses and considered experienced special sheets for installation or rearrangements, and repair the crosses on the old churches in the entire Vyatka province, took the cross on their shoulders to the right and left glavnago kutі ol; when brought to the dome, the ringing of the bells stopped. On the dome to the center of it, i.e. to the hole where.... -..-... ...._______102_______a cross is inserted, a hanging gangway was arranged, called a temporary staircase, tied with a rope to the center of the dome. On this ladder, one master first climbed the cupola, first knitting one end of the rope to the cross / wrapped with paper and canvas so as not to spoil the gilding /; I took the second end of the rope with me; having reached the very top of the dome, they began to pull the cross by the rope up., and the second from below supported and pushed the cross up, and behind it. they climbed up themselves .. Having safely reached the center of the dome with a cross, both masters installed the main central cross in the proper place, secured it, filled it with prepared gravel and crushed stone in advance, removed the cross and canvas - the cross sparkled with gold. on the top of the temple and all those present below joyfully crossed. Both masters, having installed the cross above, began to descend down. The main one, letting go of the cross with his hands, ge barking to step on the step of the canal ladder-step ladder, without losing it, stepped on the side of the ladder - the foot slipped on the same canopy roof, they lost equal, fell onto the roof of the dome on the stomach and, spreading their hands, as if looking in the air for something to grab for, he rolled down the dome and fell to the upper platform of wooden foxes, about ten feet tall and killed himself to death in full view. The whole audience, seeing this beginning of the fall, gasped, and recognizing the mortal result of the fall, all were terribly upset and clouded by ALL joyful moods, giving way to deep sadness. Immediately at the place, a requiem was performed for the death, which was attended by the whole mass of people who came to the celebration of the raising of the cross. The restl._______103_______Crosses on the small chapters and the bell tower were placed after several days and without the people. In the third year, stucco was laid in the templeѣ, the stonework of the Kamennago, Izol olki, sex, the iconostasis and painting on it. In order to select the iconostasis, they discussed for a long time which one and whom to order. It happened that Vasily Parfenovich was in Kazan, and on holiday, came BE Cathedral on Voznesensky Prospekt. He really liked the iconostasis in the Kazan-Ascension Cathedral, they took a copy of the plan and, going home, told the rest of the donors. Have a show and consult with a contractor - stakeholder. Ilyinsky, living in the city of Vyatka, who have their own homes behind an ovary, have an inn with rooms for visitors and a workshop for work and an iconostasis. Ilyinsky, having examined the plan, said that he did not clearly draw a chen, and suggested that he go to Kazan and look at the place. In the spring, on the first steamboat, for 10 days, the ship, osmo and returned. Bargained for 4000 rubles; He agreed to do it in half a year and, indeed, did it perfectly. Writing vividly to the iconostasis, some remote by-analogy icons and monthly saints every month, at the insistence of Ivan Timofeevich Va Khrushov, were ordered to write in the Sloboda monastery. The abbess, the treasurer, themselves went through the village of Vakhrushevo and agreed with all the donors in person, sitting at the teahouse. by the table. Here they sat and children. The abbess speaks to the six-year-old daughter of Ilya Timofeevich and asks: "Dalyutka, what is your name *. -" Anyut, oh *. - "And when you grow up big, will you go to our monastery *. "No, I won’t go." - "And why". Annie distracted: "Uncle Ivan say that in the monastery ear..l.P--:"-Fand_______104_______only lazy people, but rascals. "All went to bed, and Ivan Timofeevich, sitting next to the abbess, said:" Nn, nn, Anyutochka, I just joked, I wanted to deceive you. "And she took it for truth.All equipment is inside, thrones, analogs, chandeliers, candlesticks, vestments, additional silver vessels and Evan geliya, etc. Then the year 1892 by the Archbishop. Vyat - Skim and Slobodsky. Sergiy was appointed appointment: Rector Father Nikolai Ivanovich Dobrovolsky and Deacon. O. Nikanor, from E graduated seminarists, on a psalm job. Finally, the same Archbishop. Sergiy, a solemn consecration of the temple was made - all the txXx came - and then the Divine service began in the upper temple. The sum of the entire construction of the temple, until it was consecrated, was expressed in the sum of about five ten thousand rubles. The excess of the amount of the super estimate was replenished just by all the same donors, in proportion to their original donation. Each ME was lazy in a string book; he was flabbergasted on all the sums received and spent. All donors signed a balance sheet, that all of the above has been verified by all of us, that everything has been found to be correct, and approved, in which we will subscribe. With my own hand, each was written. A copy of the total sum of Ilya Timofeevich at the time of cutting out on a copper plaque, indicating the total cost of the entire building, and how much is donated. This honey plaque is elevated to the altar on the back side of the iconostasis, attached to the copper screws. After the consecration of the temple, by order of the wife of Archbishop Sergius, the new local rector, Father Nikolay Dobrovolsky, through the spiritual Vyatka Consistory, represents2._______105_______wil all the donors to the highest awardsѣ. In the same year, the following awards were received: Ilya Timofeevich fell - a gold necklace on the Stanislavskaya ribbonской was awarded. Ivan Ti Mofeevich - a silver necklace medal on the Stanislavskaya ribbonѣ. To the heirs of Parfen Timofeevich, i.e. Vasiliy, Timofey and Andrei Parfenovich, each chest silver medal at Stanislavsky ribbon. To the heirs. Fedor Timofeevich: Alec Sandra, Pavel and Stepan Fedorovicham, according to the gold breast medal on the Stanislavskaya ribbonѣ.In view of the fact that a new one has come, and the security or income of the clergy has not yet been determined, the clergy were appointed Epar as the two-staff superiors, i.e. the priestѣ and the dog were a breaker, and since Vakhrushchev certainly wanted to haveof his church and deacon, Archbishop Sergius appointed him as a psalmist who had just completed the full course of a young seminarist, having dedicated him in the same village of Voznesensko-Vakhru Shev, during the consecration of the church, as a deacon, and leaving him here full-time. church servant - deaconѣ, but on the psalm - schitsky incomes. And for the correction at the divine services, the step of the psalmist is obligatory, the Vakhrushev brothers, according to the indicated spiritual counselor, hired a clergyman from E of the same spiritual family, the son of a rural psalmist, a loser, i.e. a dropout graduated from the 2nd class of the spiritual school, Ivan Mikhailovich Chudakov, who served. from. the foregoing citation is six. On the very first year of his clergy in the village of Voznesensko-Vakhrushev, Father Nikolai Dobrovolsky suggested Ivan Timofeevich Va Khrushev to build a one-class church and parish school near the church on a manor estate land, which a year laterxT.{Іwas Ivan. T. is built - stone, one-story, covered_______106_______lѣzomѣ. When about. Nikolay Dobrovolsky with his family went to the village of Vakhrushevo, then bring along a distant relative, together 40, Stepanida Ivanovna Bibikova, and asked for the consent of the Vakhrushevs to provide her with the position of prosper. Sheva willingly agreed to this Wahra, since while the service was under the shaft of the church, every Saturday for Sunday services it was necessary to bring prosphora from the city of Slobodsky, from. The monastery’s barbecue, which made prosphora not only for its monastery church, but also for sale in all of the towns of Slobodsky and Demyanka, was partially part of the village town, where there was no prosphory. When they organized the Voznesensko-Vakhrushev school in the village, then the district Diocesan School appointed the same Stepanida Ivanov. Well, Bibikov, a teacher of V. Vakhrushev School, was paid a small fee for the payment of a fee from the Udzdnago Etiarchіalnago School of the Council, giving her the right to combine the duties of the prosphir. O. Nikolay Dobrovolsky was the law of teachers free of charge, the responsible supervisor of the Coke, and the teacher of penya. Scored a man 30 peasant girls. a disciple, and the last of these girls was the compilation of the polecat, which on holidays is a kame at the divine services on the left choir of the church, raise the regency. Stepanides Ivanovna Bibikova and partake of Yakov Alekseevich Vakhrushev, the first in tenor. / but to myself. they say that "I sing the Canary," which is all smѣshil. Ba ssm х 11Ф .: із тѣ вмъ киросъ the cutter of the factory H-shoe Fedor Tim. S.A. Ogorodnikovѣ. On the right side of the choir was the polecat, composed of sons and servants. Ilya T. and the pupil of the Zemstvo school, lodge regent of the accountant, the same office as A.N. Kuznetsov.-AU111_______107_______But both of these choirs were already formed on the 7th or 8th year of the existence of the temple, and the first time, 6-7 years old, lovers from the E ce imer all 4 brothers sang. The Vakhrushevs, whether under the rule of Chail Petrovich Ivanov, who then served as a clerk, at least occasionally, crush the brothers. Vakhrushevskromѣ Ivan Tim-cha. So how ѣ N.P. Ivan's past was a spiritual kind, the sons of the psalmist, apparently he had a natural gift and quickly studied church vocalism, as well as the honor of the watch and the Apostle, and often completely performed the duties of the psalmist on his own, especially when there was a service in the basement and came to the church, only the first year was brought on holidays by a priest and a dog-breaker, and the last year and a half before the service was open at the top, after the official choice by the church in the headman Ilya Timofeevich, the last invitation was for divine services in the basement and mѣ zashtatnago priest izѣ city Vyatka, domovladѣltsa, hundred Rica lѣt 70, father dіatfeya Anisimov. This priest, apparently, taught And ... Ivanov’s recognition of the voices and the fulfillment of all the duties of the psalmist, thus, for one and a half years they served together. By the way, regarding the invitation of Fr. Matthew Anisimov temporarily serve in the church of the village of Voznesensko-Vakhrushevo, there was, if you may say so sad and ridiculous monday ... when His Grace Sergiy found out that the services in the village of Vakhrushev were not handled by the Volkov priests, as it was resolved by the Diocesan priesthood, the high priesthood. . Ilya Tim. , on what basis do you serve about. Matthew Anisimov, who has resolved him. As far as I remember, he did not apply to many for permission. Ilya Tim. arrogantly rejects: "Your Grace. I will grant him_______108_______and invited to serve in our church. "Vladyka says:" I am BacE, Ilya Tr.m. I know how very respectable and respectable a co-mercer is a manufacturer and I respect Vasya very much. You could invite, but you didn’t have the right to authorize him to serve, because you do not have the Archbishop's office, but Fr. Vatfey Anisimov, an old and experienced priest, should know for himself that his immediate superiors are the local Diocesan Archbishop and the blessing of that district, in which I invite him to serve, if this is not my case, then from Slobodsky Father. Andrei Zamyatin, he was obliged to ask for permission. By reference, it turns out that he didn’t even ask the deanery. At my request, the deanery deigned that, until the windows of the building of the entire church and the consecration of it were full, to temporarily hold all the necessary church services, it was decided sacred to the servants of the village of Volkova. "Then Ilya T., embarrassed , just forgiving the Master of forgiveness for himself and for Father Matthew, saying: "I did not know these rules, and I assured Father Matthew that I would meet and speak with the deans or with the Lord - Most sacred, but I forgot about it. Please forgive and do not subject Father Matthew to any punishment, limit yourself only to imprisoning him. "Vladyka had mercy, summoned Father Matthew Anisimov to him, sent him no official reprimand and left him to serve until the consecration of all the priesthood before the appointment of the abbot.Further improvement of the temple, its expansion and rebuilding of the bell tower will be described below.Ilya Timofeevich had ten little children. The eldest, Alexander Ilyich, was above average growth. Crevice courses_______109_______education for an elementary one-class rural school near the house - a teacher / vact indicated above / Semen Petrovich Kurteev / in the last. Teromonk Stefan. Dressed in the city, i.e. shirts with. a tie, trousers for graduation, jackets, and on holidays - a cam in a frock coat of urban cuts / and all his brothers also wore sf. they were on the door of Elizabeth Ischishnishn Ko Shurnikova, daughter of Slobodsky Metzin in, who lived on demyanka and was engaged in a small leather factory. NEXT had no children. ONE was ONE released, as L the eldest son, for the maintenance of his parents and was granted him, by law, the privilege of the 1st category. Before his marriage, he was recognized at fairs for the purchase of raw leather, and then when Ilya Tim. I began to cut my skin and deliver it to the intensive care department, then I sent Alexander Ilyich a wife to Moscow, where he and Bill were twenty, who had great skill, did a good job with his business; In the end, he separated from his father, hell MU entered. Not a stratum. The bankrupt bank of the large Oskov company, which had Noskv, the area of ​​Tanners, a large leather plantar backwater and a military uniform. Alexander Ilyich, by proxy from TSA, sold goods to Titl and at the time of Til's bankruptcy, turned out to be one of E reputable creditors. Then Alexander Ilyich and the other creditors were elected to the number of administrators. Ilya Tim. on a hindrance, hoping to save through his adil nistrator and receive at least part of his debt. Alexander. Ilyich, by his nature, loved big and risk of bathing. Once in a huge backwater, steel began to show energybutfromCTN!giu, swiftly moved forward and the chairmen of the board of administration.R.elevenfour,oneone,_______110_______According to the law, administrators are supposed to pay and pay turnover, established annually by the general and collected creditors. Alexander Ilyich began to receive in total up to 10 thousand rubles. in month. For Yamya Dol dol Ilim Tiimm., Til transferred his enormous name Moscow, Vorontso, to Alexander Ilyich, in which there were several dozen well-built, beautiful trees, a hundred and a half oak and three trillion houses with services and a lot of fish. Ilya Ti ... refused to accept all this, but offered to Alexander Ilyich to accept it as a complete assurance from the Tsar, to eat so that after the death of his father he would not be searched for, in his father’s inheritance, not present any claims to the brothers, but with for his part, transferred to Til all the Tilevsky property obligations - promissory notes, considering the calculations ended voluntarily, and was excluded from the creditors list. Alexander Ilyich continued to remain the chairman of the administration of Til and had it: already capital with real estate is up to about half a million rubles. He died 53 years ago A1oskvѣ, but died on the eve of heaven. him, even in a coffin, in Vyatka and bury at his church vi. So it was sent, although they died a late father, but henoy with the help of a brother, was delivered to the village of Voznesensko Vakhrushevo and buried in the church fence on the right side of the church / by death /. The second blue Ilya T., Nikolay Il., You wereawesome. sokago growth, but it was / smallpox, from which all of his face was spoiled by scabs 1 - deep backs and a wide left eye were formed, remained for the whole life crooked with one right eye. Therefore, they wouldn’t be accepted for military service as a person with obvious physical deficiencies. E. He married a couple of appellants of money from Nivetsova, the daughter of a peasant from the village of Mudrova, Vasily Mikhailovich Shvetsov, who was born in Mudrov’s house, love20Hidheteleven.h that 41_______111_______ku and grapefruits, in which the peasants were stained with peasants for a fee, and, moreover, bought flour and oats from Sloboda and Glazovsky, reselling those BE Kholunitsa and tanneries; was considered wealthy - a prosperous peasant. His daughter, Appolinar Vasilyevna, was educated in a one-class rural school. The children of Nikolai Ilyich and Appolinar Vasilyevna were: 6 sons - Nikolai, Dimitry, Ilya, Fight, Petri and Panteleimon, and Zdocheri - Alexander, Valentine and In. The eldest daughter of Nikolai Ilyich, a young man during the life of his grandfather Ilya Timof., Was married to Slobodsky, for the merchant son Valery Mikhailovich Lytkin, who, at the end of the gymnasium, also married A.N. Vakhrusheva, sad with him, where both continued their studies: Lytkin, Valeryan Likhaylovich, graduated and had diplomas as a pharmacist, and his wife, Alexander Nikolaevna, graduated from the full medical faculty and had a doctor’s diploma. The second daughter of Nikolai Elyich, Valentina, who did not finish the course with him, said, at the age of 18, BE dreve left to visit her sister, and there she shot herself, fired a shot from her gun’s revolver, leaving a note: “Don’t blame anyone for my death , committing suicide. " Having received telegraphic notification, Nicholas Ilyich telegraphed his brother Apollinarіi Vasilyevna, who was going to Petersburg at that time: to go BE YerievЇ and, if possible, exhaust and bring in the shot-down Valentina BE Pyatka. Stepan Vasilievich. Shvetsov, t: f: take Apollinariy Vasilyevna, immediately lost Yuryev ”and a week later brought E BE sealed. its zinc coffin in the village of Voznesensko Vakhrushevo; buried her in the church fence. The third daughter and all the sons of Nikolai Ilyich, until the time of the revolution, remainedL- ...!HPE_______112_______unknowing and lived in the village of Vakhrushev and Borovits, and with about - | Noah factory with parents; what happened to them during the roar of the tsia is unjustly.At the father, the first year after the wedding, Nikolai Ilyich was living in Moscow with his wife, and when she had her first child, Nikolai's father requested home and help with a si to manage the factory, and you should replace him with your elders. Alexander Ilyichemv. Nikolai Ilyich%, and especially his wife, and nelya flattering character and loved to rule over other Elm, where it is possible. With all kinds of measures, they tried to please Ilить Timof in everything. and his wife, Annѣ Ivanovna, to predict all the smallest desires. Although everyone, sons, married Vіys, or to their homes, but in the morning E к 7 - Біp hours, all of them were wives and children 4 and were in the morning tea and all day, having lunch and dinner, remained in their parents. Apollinariya Vasilyevna tried to come first and leave the last days, to show her special position in her mother-in-law's mother-in-law, that is, to her husband's parents. When she came and went, she kissed her mouth with wallpaper for her parents and kissed their hand, so you holidays, by the windows of the liturgy, went to the father-in-law, i.e. to the Illuminated Candlebox, where they stood like a church elder, later greeted him with a holiday, kissed her, kissed his hand, and then demanded that all of her children, that is, the grandchildren of Ilya T., should come to fellow congratulate and kiss the hand. All this was hidden in front of people filling the church. They were surprised and indignant at eating, nowhere seeing that a respectable lady kissed a man’s hand, like that of Archieere. As a result, when the rest of the children of Ilya T. were married, their wives, vzaryarna 3.._______113_______urban intelligent houses, were also forced, according to the example of Apollinarіya Vasilievna, at home every day, and on holidays, even at churches, to lay down and apply to the handle of the mother-in-law and mother-in-law. By his flattery and servicing, Nikolai Ilyich was Ilya Tim's favorite son. , for him primarily Ilya Tim. built a detached house on the tract, on the left corner of the street. When Nicholas turned 30 years old, Ilya T., ending the elective last three years of the Zemsky. vowel, refused further service and invited the volost assembly to elect his son Nikolai, who was elected two three-member, consisting of district and provincial. vowel. But he didn’t show himself especially in the post of public vow. When there is a provincial city of Vyatka provincial congregation, lasting up to 25 days, then this is an outstanding event for the entire province. Many townspeople go almost daily to listen to the speeches of prominent speakers - vowels. Local newspapers print almost shorthand daily, verbatim, statement, offer and ruling. There are hardly any visitors who could not only hear the speech of Nikolai Ilyich, but at least some. serious statements, and for all of his services to the vowels, such a local newspaper did not appear. They had no political convictions. He tried before the governor and before conservative vowels to show himself to be right convinced, and before the progressives and left vowels, he tried to convince them that they were like-minded, and were friends with them. Progressists, visiting his house ях on a visit, see, in his drawing room hang portraits of the sovereign and the empress; ask: "Why is it with you?; turn them over with their faces ki stan kѣ." Nikolai Ilyich dismissed: "Not by me have been hanged, but also the father,_______114_______I won’t remove it; let it hang, don’t mumble me. ”At the meeting. when you open the ballot, he either abstained or ran for the ballot, foreseeing that you would get most. . "Yes, those who conquer." Only when there was a general Russian census, then they were a member of the zemstvo commission for checking lists of this census, for which there was a chest dark bronze medal on a national tape, specially issued to individuals who worked on the census. Then, it would be exhaustive to transfer the felshersky outpatient clinic from the village of Volkova V. to the village of Voznesensko-Vakhrushevo, and on the initiative of Fedor Ivanovich sina, who served simultaneously with Nikolai. Ilya than. vowel, persuaded Ilya Tim, to submit to the zemstvo assembly a request for an open selfie of the Voznesensko-Vakhrushev Zemstvo one-class elementary school, and to ensure success, to offer the zemstvo, at least for the first three years, free accommodation. Such premises Ilya Tim. During the new building, a building was built for Nikolai Ilyich in a corner of the courtyard and a small window, so it was built not for the school, but for the bakery. Ilya Tim. filed the appropriate request. The Zemsky assembly, with the support of the founder of the district council, Alexei Nikolayevich Shklyaev, and the vowel: F.I. Koi Sina Mon.I. Vakhrusheva, after a brief exchange of information, unanimously decided to open immediately the Zemstvo school in the indicated premises. At the first time, we were visited by Inspector Kibardin, who didn’t like the room, and soon appeared in the private liberal Vyatka gas Vyatskaya Rych, a critical correspondence from the Sloboda district, regarding the unsuitability of this room for the school_______115_______the meaning of darkness, lack of air, and so on. This greatly revolted and afflicted Ilya Tim., Who tore metal, angered everything, and sought out guesses as to who dared to oppose him with such impudent correspondence, but this still remained clarified. During his lifetime, Ilya Tim. composed by notary E.p. Sventorzhetskogo trading house, go to my firm "Ilya T. Vakhrushev with sons," with fixed capital. b 120,000 rubles. Also, during his lifetime, he built 2 more stone houses, one. at the factory%, next to the old house, and the second on the road, with a wing, next to the church-and-house house. B. Last day below, the tea house and library of the sobriety society were temporarily put into operation for the establishment, which was instituted, by initiative, temporarily correcting the duties of the Zemstvo chief, Ippolit Mikh. Muserskago, all the Vakhrushevs. On the last walk, the same as the Vakhrushevs, there was a separate stone house on the ground built on the road, bought from the peasants of the jealous Rusanovskaya, and sobriety society was transferred there, set up a large auditorium with a stage and a billiard room with two billiards. In the big hall, amateur shows were arranged so that they were young employees of Vakhrushevyli, with charitable purposes, and reading with foggy pictures, and in this same big hall, 2-3 times. year, arranged public peasant families from the peasants of the nearest villages. The same house, where originally there was a society below, the top floor Ilya, for 2 years, provided the Zemstvo free of charge with a school, which was transferred from E criticized premises. After the death of Ilya t., All the brothers who hated Nicholas and his wife were still with their father, but could not give anything to him at the time of their father, -,oneKO_______116_______buried. six months later, they talked about sharing all “property. Two young people - Athanasius and Alexander. Ilyich junior and I went separately. They got the Trading House company by lot. Ilya T. Vakhrushev with his sons "and half of the plant, and the one on the tract, which was. Zemsky school. The remaining brothers, Nikolai, Aleksѣya and Dimitriya, having received the second half of the plant and three houses, arranged notarial acts, a new trading house , firm "Brothers N.A. and D. Ilyich Vakhrushchev, "declared capital of 120,000 rubles. Nikolai Ilyich, already having his two sons for adults, steel for the future split up to prepare for himself the second factories and mechanical shoe factory such as that of Fyodor Vakhrushev's aslednik. For This is only 12 versts from the village of Vakhrusheva, on the banks of the Vyatka river, I bought a plot of land, tithing trill from the peasants of the village of Skolotni, built a wooden 2-storey house there, and a large stone two-storey building for the plant, but so far they have put the E building in this shoe machines, drive This was the last steam engine, and the leather goods for soldier's shoes came to this factory from the village of Voznesensko-Vakhrusheva, from their own factory, where they remained to monitor production and live in his village, his company companions, brothers Dimitry and Alexei, who Nicholas, living in different houses, led a common cause, headed by the village of Nikolay, as his elder brother at seven. Personally, Nikolai Ilyich and his wife were a home teacher, the last time a translator / traveled to Germany, to Frankfurt on May, ki en usu in 1908, bought a shoe machine from him s, the same as others. The Vakhrushevs, who wrote out by correspondence without a personal trip, are not worse in quality.І_______117_______At the house of Nikolai Ilyich c. village Vakhrushev, Ilya Tim, onetemporarily built near the house, along the path, a stone shop B two solutions, in one - for the sale of edible goods, and in the second - a peasant manufactory. On the last visit, all of this was internally connected for servicing by one customer. At the same time, during the consecration of the temple, the trading of this shop was opened. First Ilya Tim. seconded to manage this. by trading companies of his sixth son, Ivan Ilyich, with a prikachikom, Slobodsky, a citizen. Ivan. Nikolaevich. Ear who traded CE at 7 o’clock in the morning until 8 o’clock in the evening. About 4 p.m., I’m sending Ilya Tim, I’ve come to the shop. Above the doors of the shop, a small, full-length, two-storey and two-yard arshin were built over the doors of the shop. To the wall of the gazina, between the two entrances, a long bench was put up, a man of ten. Ilya Tim, sat down on this bench in the middle of a din, with a thick cane in his hand. Peasants come up, more honorable peasants from the last villages. Ilya Tim invites them to sit with them for a rest, to have a chat, to exchange something among the peasants, which is shared among the local peasants, and to scan at once what they have heard or read from newspapers. Thus, sitting, shouting for 2-3 hours daily, sometimes an interlocutor of 8-10 people will be gathered, a full bench. It was like forming your camp club or public exchange, delivering Tim Tim, a kind of pleasure or entertainment. It’s more that he didn’t have any other entertainment - he sometimes has guests, or he’s been visiting someone, occasionally sat down to play cards, pretended, but only for cheap, and didn’t like to playone_______118_______si who played better than him. If you lose at least how many kopecks, you sit frowning and almost never speak, and if he is lucky, he won at least 5-10 kopecks, he will be amused for the whole evening, takes part in the choir. пѣнія пѣсень, пмѣя a good voice and a rumor for пѣнія. Nikolai Ilyich also loved the song in chorus .; in the church choir he didn’t burn, but it happened that he would take the church choir, consisting of their offices and sons Ilya T., c. holiday in the evening. blow in a club ukovskiy lѣs with a samovar, like a picnic, as there was a small cottage there. After tea, we will be in a circle and I-2 hours. to sing soldiers' and Mack Sim Gorky’s songs. After the death of his father, when Nikolai Ilyich lived on Borovitsa at a shoe factory, on the banks of the Vyatka river, he made a small sawmill backwater. Illegally rafted along the Vyatka river from the forest industry, logs of 500 to 1000 were sawn into roofing and reproductive materials, partly selling it to the leather and fur coats, located in Slobodsky district, mostly 15. Thus, the litter served or worked for the needs of the brothers' plants. Ilyich Vakhrushevs, for at that time there were buildings on Borovitsѣ and in the village of Vakhrushev at the aparted brothers Ilyich; were built, expanding its plants after the division, the elders Ilyichi and the younger Ilyichi. / by the way, when all the sons of Timofey Anfimovich died, then among the peasants of the surrounding villages the nickname Vakhrushevs - Koromyslovy or Tim Indians ceased, but instead of this became all the farthest slednikov Paren Timof. call "Parfenovichi", the last - the cow of Fedor Timof. "Fedorovich", so far - Ivanovich andT._______119_______". Ilyich /. While traveling to Borovitsa, at the time of Vyatka, Nikolay Ilyich got carried away and bought a small pair of bunkers and I or 2 barges to transport goods from the village of Borovitsy to Vyatka to the railway and back to transport and 8. Vyatka to Borovitsa every other material for leather production, but hardly both the piggy bank and the shipping company paid off justifiably, it seems that both of these new days turned out to be only a loss. with his ө music orchestra, consisting I had the same lyceum, who served in the office, of which the poem was composed of the village of Vakhrushev, and wind instruments were bought during the lifetime of Ilya Timof., after its settlement, Moscow, as the accountant of his office A.N. Kuznetsov It turned out that he was not only able to manage the church choir, but also able to play all wind instruments, and suggested that Ilf Tim organize his own brass band if he didn’t stint to buy 10-12 appropriate instruments. This flattered Ilѣ Timo that he would have his own spiritual orchestra. Immediately everything was bought and bought, and for a year, Ilya Tim, already listened to his orchestras, playing the National Anthem Kol Slaven and various songs and dances. Although, I must say, they didn’t play very harmoniously, but nevertheless, it seems, it seems, but it’s good for a village or village. There is a proverb "On fishless and crayfish. Fish." After Ilya Tim., Nikolai Ilyich invited the guests, and the orchestra organized a catania on the river. One in gathered to ride in the spring, just the river has cleared the ice. The pier-barge was not yet firmly fixed to the shore and was not carefully secured with katami, but swayed on the waves — it would come nearer tightly, then on the pol-arshin — to walk on the arshin from the coast. And this pier came steamer. They began to enter the gangway through the pierone_______120_______ steamboat. The first went hostess Apollinarіya Vasilievna. At this moment, the steamboats and the marina parted one and a half arshins, it turned out to be some way across the bridges between the marina and the steamboat, the ends similar at one end went off the pier and Apollinaria Vasilievna, together with the gangways, fell into the river to a depth of fathom of 2, and minutes 3 was under water. Everyone rushed to save her; fortunately, the steamboat with the pier did not have time to move yet - at this moment she emerged from the water with her hands raised. Someone who was on the pier, a strong man, caught her by the hand, and with the other gags and poles they rested against the steamboat so that it would not bend, or fall into the wharf and crush the mistress hanging on the arm. Immediately, several men grabbed her on the ropes and pulled her upstairs. Only a fright and a light pro studio were left. Immediately measures were taken smyna bѣlya and progѣvanіya; everything ended happily - the mistress was saved and did not even bother.. Nikolai Ilyich still had a youth, when he was still single, and until old, had a great passion for B.'s horses. They liked to ride a horse almost every evening on a horse, you take out your father’s possessions up to 10 sh. one that runs about briskly, or with the permission of the father to buy a pacifier and rolls down the path for an hour or two. This hunt was inculcated afterwards by his brothers and others. Vakhrushev, and sometimes there were competitions, horse racing along the path. But Nikolai Ilyich did not have expensive purebred horses. There were sometimes several queens of mares who fed foals from them, but there were no outstanding ones either. During the life of Ilya Tim., With all the horses and all the domestic animals. The farm was occupied by Nikolay Ilyich. Without his demand or disposition, no one had the right to appoint a job or you are easy_______121_______a ride, this or that horse, and which Nikolai Ilyich indicated, must be denied. Old men themselves personally ordered construction sites, he had all the logs, all the boards were kept as a keepsake. ” Even the eldest carpenter - ten, working with Ilya T. Lt. 20, Andrei Nikolaevich Maznev, without the specified Ilya T. did not dare to take a single board. For example, in a factory in the floor, you need to change the polo or hits. ashman one board broke; the tanning mother, having seen the carpenter Makhnev, will say to him: “Hurry up to us on the ash pan”, after an hour you need to close the ash pan ”. Long live; to see - Ilya Tim. walk into the courtyard, and if not, then go to his house. He asks: “Ilya T., craftsman A. S. Babintsev ѣ demand to immediately remove an ashboard з a board, you can saw off a roofing board from a large pile”. Ilya T. frown and say: “Of course, you must immediately send, but it’s a shame that you, Andrei Nikolaevich, work for me twenty years, and I can’t teach you everything to order; why do you need to cut a whole new board, go, look at the bars, lay the stacked large pile of cuttings for fathoms and one and a half, see the ashpots first and select the appropriate sample - you will make it soon; you don’t need to cut it and it’s cheap, you won’t spoil the new board. " Smelling, embarrassed, unscrew: "But really, it’s wrong, something, the old man, wasn’t enough; thank you, Ilya Tid., I’m trying to learn everything from you ummu, but it must be so - I’m not going to die "I’m learning the truth. A proverb says: to correct the hunchback only you and I could." Il Tim. he was flattered, and he loved this carpenter Andrei N. Makhnev. The main favorite among the employees of Ilya Timof. were the tanneries of his factory, Andrey Stepano - vich Babintsev. The peasant of the Vyatka province of Oryol district, the village of Velikoretskago, Babintsev served with Ilya T._______122_______death at first as a simple worker, then as a planer, a foreman, and finally as a master. on the basis of yuft leathers. For all the rest of the waters, the craftsman, tanners, using privileged policies, had dinner and supper, and 2 times a day to drink tea together with cutters and bailers, and Ilya Tim., A.S. Babintsevѣ ex: e - daytime cushion and drank tea together with the whole host family, in the chapter with. Ilya Tim. By the appointed hour in the morning. Babintsev came to the common tea table for breakfast at noon, when for workers a call to obdѣ; and in the evening for dinner, then the hosts also ate; neatly to them was A.S. Babintsev. If for some reason, for 10-15 minutes, the hunter was delayed to the factory, then Ilya Tim, send one of the sons, children or servants, to run away to find out what had detained Babintsev, but for now, demand that everyone wait to sit down for so much. During food and tea A.a: Babintsev reports to him every time the smallest details about the factory business and about the workers, some of the workers are lazy, or not capable, or drunk - must be removed. Ilya Tim, he listens and prompts: move this to another thing, and that one is completely fired, and so onmore.When Ilya Tim. he commanded his son or someone to be in town for some reason, or to go somewhere in general, then he needed a shaft so that he who returned, upon fulfillment of instructions, like VEnkhal to the yard, immediately handed over the horse to the gatekeeper, and if he didn’t, I tied a horse at the porch of the house to the pillar and, without stopping for a minute, went home upstairs, and now I personally reported everything to that person. Listen to everything and asking. Self-explanatory questions, satisfy with answers, say: “Well, go take the horse or give the janitor-coachman, and come here to drink or have lunch” - depending on what time of the day I returnedg "4.._______123_______seconded.Around the year 1898, Ilya Tim. with his wife Anna Ivan, a trip to Moscow to take part in the Tender bidding. Anna Ivanovna fell ill in Moscow. Of course, the doctors were invited to visit her daily. At that time, it coincided that the eldest son living in Moscow was their company. Alexander Ilyich E CE wife, invited to his apartment on Sofiyskaya embankment, the icon of the Iveron Mother of God, from the Iversk Chapel, accompanied by the priest to serve a prayer service. / To take this icon throughout Moscow, for the service of prayers at home, all year round daily p. 6 hours in the morning and up to 2 hours. nights accompanying priest monks and psalm readers are removed 3-4 times a day. To invite the icon itself, you need to sign up in the queue for six months, and without an indication and obligation, it is unjust to get your turn to bring you to you well. Only / day or one and a half Vasya to notice by registered letter that your turn has reached. Tomorrow at that hour, approximately, at 12 a.m., the icon of the Iberian Mother of God will be in your apartment; and indeed, on the appointed day and hour, on two four horses, to bring, accompanied by 4 strong men, in order to bring in and take out the icon in the apartment, and Jeromonos the psalmist, and, if desired, and eat the deacon. Thus, it coincided that at night they brought the icon to the apartment of Alexander Ilyich Va Khrushov: his mother and father took part in the prayer. After how many days, whether zealous prayers, or the treatment of a doctor, the patient began to recover. We decided that this is help from God through an earnest prayer before the icon of the Iberian Mother of God. Ilya Tim. send to the shop "etc. E: N. Makarova with her sons", where she was one of the main employees. Ivan Alekseyevich Kazenini / grandson of Ivan Andriyanovich Kazenin, mentioned in the first chapter //four_______124_______Through I.A. Kazenin was made, on behalf of Anna Ivanovna Vakhru sheva, order Makarov to make an exact copy of the icon of the Iveron Mother of God, the same size, weight, silver silver and the same massive wood from the red tree, for 5000 rubles. for the church of the village of Voznesensko-Vakhrusheva. Six months later, the icon was brought and delivered to the left of the choir of the temple. Soon after passing through the house of the Slobodskaya house, the temple of the Vyatka Archbishop Alexy was set up, who was transferred from the Vyatka to the Exodus of Georgia and Vyatka was the last of the death of Archbishop Sergius. Inspect the entire temple and visit the house of Ilya Tim. they express their admiration, but also a small reminder that the icon of the Iberian Mother of God is a very good icon, but they will win the blessing of the church even more if the right deed is placed for symmetry, corresponding to the appropriate quality and size, the Savior’s icon, or Sunday, Christ is in the middle, and all around there are 12 icons, after having celebrated the feast. Ilya Tim, thanked Vladyka for pointing and thank you for submitting. Indeed, a year later, the right choir appeared a valuable icon of the Resurrection of Christ with the twelfth holidays. Before this icon and before Iverskaya, every Sunday and during all the holidays, for the entire time of the liturgy and in the morning, constantly half-satisfying and burning candles were burning, while Ilya Timofeevich was alive, probably, for his personal account.About two or three years earlier, around 1895 or 1896, Ilya Timofeevich built a cast-iron grate on a stone foundation at its own expense and with large cast-iron gates and a gate. Cast iron planks were fastened on the gate with cast inscriptions: this church fence was erected, and in what year, and at the expense of Ilya Tim. Vakhrusheva had a son with such and such, moreover, all sons were renamed. Costone.gANTit i_______125_______This construction is not indicated. But if anyone asked you to clarify the exact date, or the exact cost of each construction or donation, then at the church, from the moment this church was founded, there is a book in which the first priest, rector of the church, Father Nikolai Dobrovolsky, began a detailed record of the entire history of the construction of this church its further accomplishment, additions, reconstruction and all donations, with detailed information about the donation of the owner, the date and exact cost of each donation or the marriage of women with justification documents.ІApproximately at the same time, the heirs of Fedor Timofeevich built, at their own expense, three silver robes from the cooked ones also in Moscow, commissioned through the same I.A.Kazeni - at the Partnership E.N. Makarova with mi / three icons came in the middle ages - to the Savior, Mother of God and Nicholas the Wonderworker. The last icon is large, against the right Kli dew. At the same time, Apollinary Vasilyevna Vakhrusheva wanted to order only the golden wreath of her old bracelets and brooches that went out of fashion to the icon of the Mother of God in the same shop in Moscow. They explained to her that a complete robe was already submitted to this icon and offered to enter into the agreement with the donors and to give the golden wreath to her name already to the silver robe, instead of the silver wreath. She did not speak with the heirs of Fedor Tim. There were no last obstacles, and the robe from this only won in the sense of improving the look. The first 10-15 years of donation were sent by all Vakhrushevs annually, each at its discretion. Apollinariya Alekseevna Vakhrusheva, from the family of the heir to Fedor Tim., Sacrificed a gray bridesmaid robe on the analogue icon of the Kazan Mother of God with a kitten and vestments on the lectern, and several linen towels with embroideries, and valuable steam. Stepan Fedorovich with his wife!R_______126_______donated to the analogous icon of Seraphim of Sarovsko, valuable, with kiotom. The heirs of Parfen Timofeevich donated a very valuable, full set of priests and deacons for themselves, clothed if made of golden brocade with a burgundy-velvet decoration, made in Moscow for a special order, for the twelve holy days and patron saint, Timothy Parfy. Va Khrushchev sacrificed a full set of priests' clothes - a good silk mother of light blue color, with murally painted mantles and a circle, all around the edges and the hem, with an artistically painted garland of bright tones and different colors. Both the artistic painting and the sewing of these vestments were performed in Slobodskoy ѣvitchiem - Mona Strѣ, at the sole expense of Timofei Parfenovich. The same quality and color, also painted, were simultaneously turned by them - the air was turned. All of this is intended for Divine Services, blessings and other Holy Virgin holidays during the year. Ivan Timofeevich personally sacrificed and built a church school, which was mentioned above. Fyodor Timofeevich’s successors said the wish - to sacrifice alone at his own expense a large bell, since in the original bells, taken at the general expense during the construction of the temple, the largest bell was only one hundred pounds and peasants from distant villages of the parish, 6-8 versts, were declared that it’s hard to hear gospel. Then the thought came that it was necessary to additionally double the bell twice, i.e. at. 200 poundsѣ. The heirs of Fedor Tim. declared this to the abbot and church elders. Then Vasily Parfe novices Vakhrushev expressed a desire to join this by donation and offered to order a bell not two hundred, threeE_______127_______a hundred poods, in half, but by exchange of many they decided that the heirs of Fedor Tim .; as stated, and pay for 200 poods, and everything that will be sent over, pay the heirs of Parfen Ti - Mofeevich. A few months later, at the bell-foundry for water, heir Bakulev, c. Slobodskoye, if 303 poods were made, a bell was delivered to the Vakhrushev horses and hung to the bell tower in the village of Voznesensko-Vakhrushevo. At this number of counters, inscriptions were also made, which was the construction of the bell, and when the exact date, and the name of the village.The third sons of Ilya Tim. , Alexey Ilyich, former blonde, medium-sized, slender, youthful thin, but s. 25 stories are already fat. He studied at the Vyatka classical gymnasium, but only 4 classes passed. Quartered for bread together with his brother. Afanasiyem at the Governing State Bank. Khodorovskago. Ilya Tim. with the Lord. Khodorovsky was friendship, no wonder why. As a result, Il'Tim, a good city crew, a sleigh and a drawbar, were sold; it is probable that when Khodorovskiy was withdrawn from Vyatka, and he had nowhere to blow this property, he and sold Ilf Tim. And after the departure of Khodorovsk, Ilya Tim. He began to teach the Gymnasiums of both sons. On the 19th of Alexey Ilyich two years trading in Vyatka in a tanning row; Fiction Ilya Tim. rent a store-shop and enroll to it entrusted to this store. Vyatsky merchant, Nikolai Arsenievich Pestov, and Alexey Ilyich was his henchman and studied at the trading house. Then Alexey Ilyich was rented by Aizik S. Pevzner, to the top there is the third floorѣ. He was often visited by his two cousin in the evenings from the village of Poroshinsky, Matviy Grigoryevich Mirón, and they went out for a walk together.Alexey Ilyich was a merry character, at one time he considered_______128_______in her village, the best dancer and conductor, quadrille, of course, in Russian. He played well on harmonica and pѣlѣ pѣsni, and in the summer 40–45 he played in his own village in sobriety societies in amateur performances. When I’m Tim, guests will gather, often out. la Volkova prіѣzzhal to him liikhail Petrovich Khrulev, fur coat official breeder, lover of love and good night. The old people sit down around the table and play cards, you have a shot, 3 kopecks each, and 18 years old Alexey Il. the father will demand to sit near him with a harmonica, and say: “Come on, Alex, play, sing,” and sing all the songs: evening walked in the meadow, Down the Matushka, then Volga, and so on. When Alexey Il. Gilles BE Vyatka, then through Nikolai Arsenievich Pestov he met the family of the Vyatskago merchant Yurasov, and then, after 2 years, he married the daughter of Yurasov, daughter Sofia%! Ikhailovna. The mother of Sofiya Mikhailovna Yurasova was the sister of the wife of the local rich man, tannery breeder Vasiliy Stepanovich Poskrebyshev, V.S. Poskrebyshev liked to play a joke on the nadis by others and to let the hairpin close. At the ball, during the bishop’s party, he repeatedly and again at all was tidying the old mistress, which counted his daughter to be taken out to the village. The old woman kept silent two times, on the third one she rejected: “I didn’t have daughters in the meadows, you didn’t want to look for marriage. I got out of the village, got married, and was given out in the village of Vnyu. There was no one to tell anyone.” Then you. Step. embarrassed and shut up and did not repeat more, realizing that an inappropriate joke offended the mistress. Sofya 24ikhailovna was a tall, direct, short-tempered character, did not like to flatter before her mother-in-law and mother-in-law, the great opposite of Nikolai’s wife, i.e. Apollina Rii Vasilievna. Soon after the wedding, Ilya T. asked Sophia Mi Khaylovna to pour him and the guests a punch, i.e. tea with rum. She,TІdi_______129_______pouring, spilled a little rum on a raised past a glass. Ilya T. go. to say: "How is it you, Sofya Mikhailovna, grew up in a rich merchant’s house, and didn’t learn how to pour punch, pour it past, it’s cash flow”. She, not embarrassed, immediately rejected: “Dad, there are proverbs -“ the bread doesn’t have little ”,“ He who doesn’t do anything, just doesn’t make mistakes. ”In general, soon the old people didn’t love her. Then Alexey Ilyich and his wife were sent toOskvu, to help brother Alexander, for traveling on delivery of goods to the Quartermaster's warehouses: Petersburg, Dvinsk, Kazan and a friend. On one occasion, he stayed in Kazan for this cause, Alekѣy Ilyich lost his wallet. from. 5000 rubles of money. They were you in the Summer Panaevsky Garden, there you pulled out a rogue from him, or you got Nil where you either yourself - it is unjust to not remember. Come home, talked frankly with your father; A statement was sent in a timely manner to the Kazan police and the BE of Vyatka, but nothing was found. Neza long before that Alexey Il. he was called up for military service, his father was recognized fit, and his father enlisted in him a recruitment receipt bought back under Timothy Anfimovich for a small price. But at that time. me, when I had to read out for Alexei, she was already valued at least 5000 rubles. After the loss of the aforementioned sum, we in Kazan thought a lot that now Alexei’s life, his father took out a thread from his house, but everything worked out well and no one knows how his father reacted to this and what he did, or not, BE to Kazan Alexyk - there was a lurk b, according to the proverb ѣ "the seven huts were not taken out." For ten Alexey Ilyich lived CE Sofya Mikh., They had one son, Vladimir. Raising her son out of the crib, Sofya Mikhailovna bent down behind the boy, leaning her belly on the railing of the crib and, lifting her son’s Heavy, the shock came about from her. Died and buried in the church fenceѣ. In a year Alec15 l_______130_______Sis Ilyich married a second time to the girl Ekaterina Yakovlevna. The table was a beau, from Glazov, a cousin of Mikhail Matvievich Stolbov. They lived with his second wife for four years and also had one son, Alexey, from her. Ekaterina Yakovlevna also died, with both children, Aleksey Ilyich, a Bonn home teacher, the daughter of the Vyatka official, Valentina Andreevna Mironova, was engaged in. A year after the death of his second wife, Alex Lich married for the third time this home teacher, Valentin Andreevna, and her daughter Olga was from her. Last 15-20 Alexey Ilyich, manager of the company Tor. Ilya T. Vakhrushev’s house with his sons, mainly by purchase. raw leather at the local bazaar and ѣzdil for all E raw leather fairs for purchases, was considered an experienced specialist. in this case, that is, it would be more correct to look at the look of the whole skin and evaluate it.When in the year 1912, the tan crisis began, many leather breeders went bankrupt. Aleksey Ilyich E EVE august month past in the Nizhny Novgorod fair with a trusted company, Stan. Vasilyevich. Shvetsovs. Seeing that banks, in financial terms, began to treat all tanneries very carefully, Alexey Ilyich fell spiritually, imagining that their company could not avoid bankruptcy; could not overpower his vanity, so as not to see this shame. Left S.V. Shvetsov at the fair, went home to Vyatka, did not tell him why he was leaving and when he would return. Come home, the next day, in steel hours. BE 7 in the morning, prayed to God for a long time and stood alone, standing on his knees, kissed both sons and the crosshair, still lying in bed. He took a revolver, went into a bathhouse located in the courtyard, and there he shot himself in the temple, leaving. note: I'm dying from a frustrated comD!mercenary dѣl, I can’t bear the shame."._______131_______The spirit went down and Nikolai Ilyich, but they began to follow and curtail that there are people and live without money at allѣ, and not to grumble at God, we must take ourselves in hand and calmly continue doing things, reducing everything. ” At the Novgorod Fair, with the help of S.V. Livetsov, the eldest son of Nikolai Ilyich, Nikolai Nikolayevich Vakhrushev, was sent. Alexey Ilyich burial at his church, in the church fence. By the way, one of Ilya Tim’s originalities: when he was still alive and built a cast-iron lattice for a church fence, ordering a ӣ Kolunitsky factory ’cast a cast-iron lattice, at the same time they dressed up at the same wholesale price: cast it at the tombstone Plates | with crosses and cast and inscriptions on the plates for the whole family, about twenty. On each plate is indicated the name, patronymic, surname of the buried person, this date of birth, and only left a place for the date of death. Such plates were prepared by Ilya Tim. for themselves, for his wife, for all sons, their day was kept at the house of Nikolai Ilyich against. churches, raised in barns, caged, and two of the whole village, playing summer ME hide and seek, hid behind these plates and wondered why name plates should be done by those who are still alive. And then, the turn came, and the corresponding slab and cross were laid over the grave of Alexey Ilyich Vakhrushev.The fourth son of Ilya Timofeevich, Afanasy Ilyich, who was tall, studied at the Vyatka men's gymnasium, and left the 3rd or 4th grade. I had a good voice, baritone, and together with my brothers: Alekseem and Aleksandr the younger on the choir - as the main participants and organizers of the church’s own choir. Also, all three took part in amateur performances, you plays. Ostrovskago, as you have said, were set in their own cause with charity. When father, in commercial business,at_______132_______Athanasius Ilyich wonders from cutting leather, i.e. cut; whole days, he sat in a closed dress, observing the correctness of cutting, and in the evening, keeping each seam cutter separately, put together reports and presented them to the office for recording books and to look at his father and the rest of the brothers to see what part of the skin, etc. e. what locality - local Vyatka or Siberian and others - gives the most favorable cutting, and which close cycle more experienced and profitable to cut, with the smallest %% of marriage. Similar observers and counters were available at each plant through the senior cutter, or through the prikapik, or through the counter, or sometimes by themselves. OAM host. But with Ilya Tim, a separate member of his family, Afanasy Ilyich, was seconded to this. He was released on conscription by distant lot. 23 years ago, Valentin Pavlovna Paramonova, the daughter of a Nolinsk merchant, was not afraid of BE, the opposite of herself is low growth. they had 5 children - 2 boys and a girl. All of them nurtured at home, being a home teacher, Bonn in foreign languages, and then later studied at the gymnasium in Vyatka, but not a single course was completed. After the death of Ilya Tim., Soon Athanasius Ilyich, before the other brothers, did not agree with Nikolai Ilyich, and they divided, as mentioned above, into two groups. When parting, it’s supposedly got 200,000 rubles each. on his brother’s kandago, including here, probably, all his immovable property and goods. Afanasy Ilyich send with. Owned by Alexander. Ilyich, and they got one common house with a wing on the road in which there was earlier a sobriety society. By agreement or by lot, Aleksandr Ilyich the youngest took his place with his family in the upper floors, and Afanasy Ilyich with his family in the lower floor of this house, and flea --oneEthe gel was still a father provided for how much to lie under -._______133_______-g. andГія ІтNew post office and apartment for postal officials. Afanasy Il. I immediately set about building for myself a separate house at the end of the village, in the direction to Slobodsky, on the right side, on my own strip of land, going from the river rivulet to the postal tract. We are planning to send an order to Vyatka architect Ivan Apollo Novich Charushin, who then built a huge and beautiful style house for Tikhon Filippovich Bulychev, Vyatka steamer dots - a million oner. Afanasy Ilyich asked for the same facade to make a plan for him, but only about thirty rooms, to make ten rooms for him, and grind a little less, with tiled stoves, parquet floors and comfortable comfort in the house; CE stone barns and stables on the courtyard at mѣ, CE stylish tower, terrace and garden. on the facade overlooking the postal tract. The entire construction of the house cost him about a hundred thousand rubles. Approximately the same amount of expenses together with their first brother Aleksandr or the re-installation and expansion of their part of the plant, having been delivered after their father. Such education, working capital was significantly reduced; I had to carry on, mainly: on loans. Worked 6–7 years; By the year 1912, during the crisis, when all tanneries suffered enormous losses, banks reduced loans and the trading house. Ilya Tim. Vakhrusheva and her sons, in the person of Afanasy and Alexander Ilya, were not able to keep the deal, went bankrupt, and both Alek Sandr and Asanasy, nine months in prison, were sentenced to debt. Before bankruptcy, even on the security of the plant, they borrowed up to 75,000 rubles. ү their relative or son-in-law, Vladimir Pavlovich Mokhov / husband Klavdі and Ilinishny /. In the last okhov sold BE 1915 the backwater Petersburg merchant, Verbitsky,BBUT.-t .._______134_______and the last one, a year later, he was resold to a large tanner, a Jew, Steim berg, for the production of chrome calfskin leather, raindrop, on Boks-kalft. And the house. Adanasiy Ilyich sold to Vincent Petrovich Vakhrushev for 25,000 rubles. Sam got to live with his family in the house of his brother Alexander Il. youngest, in the wing. Dying Afanasy Ilyich during the revolution, 60 years, in the position of sacrifice, which was his family - is unjust.Fifth sons of Ilya T. Dimitry Ilyich was also tall. Studied in Slobodsky. I didn’t finish the course at the city school, I took it out of the last class. He was called up for military service, but if he were found to be worthless, rejected and enlisted in the militia of the second category. I got married to the daughter Ann Vasilievna Trkhova, until the merry of the Sloboda merchant Vasily Ivanovich Grѣkhov / granddaughter of the main at that time with Slobodsky furrier Ivan Ivanovich Raspopov, whose son, Arkady Ivanovich. Uncover, it was believed, or had a nickname among businessmen. "Vyatskiy Bismarck". In 1910, he went bankrupt, having caused a lot of noise at c. commercial ѣ mіrѣ /. Anna Vasilievna was of medium height, because Dimitri Ilyich had 7 daughters and one son. Қvan. Dimitry Ilyich had a character calm, accommodating, patient. Therefore, after the father, they could embrace the character of Brother Nicholas and stayed, after she undressed, with him. When father worked, only the last period of his father’s life was 5-6 years, I went with them to the tendering office to take the vok, I sold a little for the delivery of goods to the quartermaster’s warehouses, especially in Moscow’s warehouse, and after the father’s and the next predominantly. In the village of Voznesensko-Zahrushev at the factory, managing the factory. What was eaten by him and his family during the revolution is unsigned.Sixth son of Elijah Tim. - Ivan Ilyich, studied in the suburbanTO_______135_______city schoolѣ, the course is not finished. 17 years old was a father. assigned to store management. -a counter at the houseѣ on the roadѣ, an eye. The church, where it had been trading for two years, caught a cold and died in the twentieth year of its life. The funeral in the cercose fence with a cast iron stove and a cross. the grave. Last if the 7th son of Ilya Tim., Alexander Ilyich the youngest, at the time of birth, the past was very thin and weak, so a midwife village grandmother midwife /I didn’t hope that the baby would survive and die instantly. She stated that she should be christened immediately, at least established -according to Christian customs, granting the right to baptize aku sherk - read a prayer and call a name. They asked the mother-mother what name to call, since the child will die soonӣ, but must be baptized immediately. Mother waved her hand in a half-conscious state, said: “Baptize, anyway, you name it, because you’re betterto burrow. "The grandmother catches the ear called Alexandromi. When the mother came to be conscious, they told her that the grandmother called Alexandroma. The mother declared:" Yes, we all have an older son. Alexandra, we need some other name, if only not Alexander. "But you can’t cross. The child shit can recover and grow up and grow up, everyone began to call 1st Alexander Ilyich Sr., and this is Alexander Ilyich Jr.. He is above average growth, dense Slovenia, boky, cheerful, cheerful .. He and his brother Athanasius loved the rifle hunt for ducks and hares, they loved horse racing, having a good three traveling horses / but not blood ones, they loved to go to Kli and became an amateur performances; love playing cards, ITS Fault.Includes a conzer’s supply chain with Quartermaster supplies, and Afanasy managed the last 10 factories.Enter Younger Ilya Alexander was on the road to Anna IoX.sirivn Beklemysheva, daughter of a wealthy on Kala steam ship ownerd:2: E45 g_______136_______Beklemysheva, Perm province, the village of Ilyinskago. In this village, the Va Khrushevs annually spent three winter days at the fair for buying raw leather. So we met. The children of Alek — Sandra Ilyich and Anna Iosifovna, it seemed, had 3-4 people. Starsh_y - Ilya, the second seems to be i / cheers. In their childhood they raised a bonnie, but before they broke up, they didn’t even have time to teach in galaxy, because they were small, and then after the bankruptcy mentioned above, after the revolution. They remained in their own house ѣ BE village ѣ; what happened next during the revolution is not clear.The second daughter of Ilya Tim., Alexander Ilyinin, was 19 years old tied up for Alexander Aleksandrovich Lagunov, but not more than a week later, they refused Lagunov and were taken to Vyatka, for a compartment of the cheskago son Pyotr Fedorovich Laptev (the son of Fedor Averkievich Laptev /. “Vyatka” in the living room, along with frozen fish, grouse of Kazan and other supplies. They had a wooden 2-storey house on Vsesvyatskaya ulitsa, and then, with the help of Ilya Timof., they bought a large stone house with shops, On the upper market, against Alexandrovsko sobo a.Pyotr Fedorovich aptevi soon found himself sick with a dry spinal cord, began to walk, propped up with a stick, tsp further, tѣm huche - completely stopped walking and ended up madly. Fucking ankle. lying crazy in bed under the supervision of a sidloka and periodically - after a doctor’s visit. Fedor Averkievich Laptev had several more sons and one daughter. His next sons were also cherished by wealthy merchant daughters. The seed of Bedorovichi was married to Zarvar Gavriilovna Girbasovo from Elabuga of the Vyatka Province. Viktori Fedorovich Laptev married Olga Ivanovna Saltykova from the Sloboda Vyatka Province. Like the 11th, so and the nextІone;the brothers received good money, but money was givenLIKIN_______137_______The case was not invested, the case went to the name of Fedor Averkievich Laptev. Banks opened him sick loans, as well as private individuals, Kazan merchants began to lend him large. Ilya Tim. Vakhrushev, for the log of a new house, gave Fedor Averkievich several tens of thousands of rubles and built a separate house for his son-in-law in the name of Alexandra Ilinishna Lapteva, on Vokzalnaya street, with the main entrance of the street. The business at Averkievich’s hip greatly expanded, but negotiable. there wasn’t enough money, Fedr Averkievich went bankrupt, something that remained in the shops was sold for sale, partly they bought sons 8, and the sons opened their sales, and Fedor Averkievich. Laptev, with his wife and daughter, disappeared from Vyatka, and nobody knew 10-15 years, wherever; many said that he was wicked abroad. But after the revolution there was a rumor that they lived in the Moscow region under Alexander Ilyich Bakhrushev senior, you separated the outbuilding without showing up on 11 October, and if you didn’t often visit Alexander Ilyich when you didn’t often, then Laptev locked up in the wing, without showing to anyone, without even looking out the window. If someone is a repairer of Alexander Ilch, who lives in the outbuildings, then he was sad that some old Tilevsk office workers, like a penny, live their life for free at the Tilev estate, which doesn’t expel their word. Of course, no one was interested in getting to the details of the Tilevsky old employees, a summer federation. Lapteva died before the revolution, and Alexandra Ilyin Ishna remained in Vyatka during the revolution; they didn’t have childrenThe second daughter of Ilya T., Anna Ilyinichna, was wound up at Slobodskaya, for Ilya diikhailovich Lytkin, but the descendant refused and you went to Glazovz Mikhail Matvievich Stolbov; details of this substitution are described above. She had six children. Ilya T.R!_______138_______. give her, upon marriage, a monetary dowry; but let it fall after 10, when he gave his third daughter, and built a house in Vyatka Alek. sandrѣ Ilyin ishnѣ Lalcheva, go for six months to go to Glazov and built a son-in-law there, in the name of Anni Ilinishna, a large stone house. a two-story building with shops, apparently, equalized the dowry of all 3 daughters. The third daughter, Klavdiya Ilinishna, was given out by her parents as deputy for the Moscow merchant son, Vlad Dimir Pavlovich Pokhov, who was then considered to be the richest and richest of Moscow, and he was given the house and trade of Kazakhstan. I met him in Moscow Alexander Ilyich Sr., and then I introduced my parents and the bride. I liked the bridegroom very much, but, according to the Moscow merchants' custom, he requested a large monetary contribution, a rumor that 30 or 50 thousand rubles. Ilya Tim. I entrusted this to son Alexander, to receive all the measures and arrange this wedding without losing the groom. For a long time, finally, the wedding took place. In the last V.P. Nohov was the representative of Ilya Tim. Vakhrusheva in Kazan on the delivery of енд Commissary shoe goods ѣ on the commission, on condition ia. Dying, Ilya Tim. he didn’t leave the spiritual zavanganiya, and therefore his part in the trading house, according to the law, lasted for the whole heir, so that the daughters after his death still received thousands of twenty rubles. The capital of Ilya Tin. in the trading house, at the time of his death, they reached up to one and a half million rubles, as mentioned above, - two hundred thousand for each son, whereas by that time the heirs and other brothers, i.e. Parfenovich, Fedorovich and Ivanovich, the capital was, in general, less than half a million she. The reason for such a big difference was that when the brothers split after the death of Timofei Antibiovich, all of them had exactly 25,000 rubles. and for and for water. During the Turkish war, they still worked for the youth, andX:_______139_______then, as mentioned above, the three elder brothers departed from Dolkie la and, with reduced procurement of goods for the army, those losses took all that year, and Ilya Rim. and his father-in-law, Ivan Vasilievich dol gushin, with his sons, they worked for Malkiel for an extra year, so they didn’t have any impact on Ilya T., and the debt of Ushin was good. .Dolkiel also had a loss. In this way, the same year as Ilya Tim, the capital turned out to be approximately three times as large as that of the other brothers. In the future, it was proportional to steel to produce leather annually more compared to the brothers, moreover, it also received financial support in the form of loans for the% of their father-in-law Yves. V. Dolgungina. When, under Minister of Finance Bitte, the State Bank introduced throughout Russia the operation of accounting for trade bills, that is, the financing of trade and industry, then Ilya T. was considered to be richer than his brothers and he would have been able to open a loan of 25,000 rubles. Then increase to 50 tons, and the rest of the brothers had loans to the State Bank for 5,000 rubles each. Proportionally to the State Bank, loans and private banks were opened. In this way. Ilya Tim. il financial opportunity is better, compared to the brothers, 5-6 times, and therefore bought the raw materials of the skin more from the first hand, than the rest of the brothers. The most recent purchases were made from. resellers, giving a third part in cash and 2/3 of bills. For this, the merchants had to give a benefit and an increased% for their credits to two-thirds crazy, and Ilya Tim. , having more free financial resources - part of it, parts taken for a profitable %% of the State Bank, value purchases, for the most part, first hand, butchering, and the smallest part reused_______140_______TTTTTTTgfourgive, giving out half in cash and half bills, and sometimes the whole amount in cash. Of course, resellers also take this into account. whether, at a little 5%, he managed to buy cheaper than the rest. bra-. yo And perhaps the most important thing: having six sons, he, during his lifetime, introduced the notarial act on an equal footing to the trading house, all were equal owners and all unanimously worked under the leadership. Father, not alone did not seek to make money in his pocket, each through his father was responsible to all, and on each more serious occasion, his eye was everywhere. In honor of all the four firms of the Vakhrushev brothers, in which there was no trading house, any member of the family, working in the company, would strive from the common cause to cut oneself alone. All this, in general, progressively proportionally increased his capital, faster than his older brothers. By Tom Ilya Tim. the first village ѣ Voznesensko-Vakhrushev ѣ put a steam machine for crushing the bark at the factory ка pump water and rinse the skin with drums, reduce the cost and improve the picture. Ilya and Ivan Tivi, the first, after a few lѣm after the Kolka fir,they switched from private sale of whole leather to cutting and supplying salted goods to the quartermaster for the army, which turned out to be more profitable then than private sales, and, most importantly, the treasury bought for cash: hand over the goods and immediately from the treasury to the floor Save money, and then Private trade is inevitable, at least partially, to sell on promissory notes that were recorded on banks Е, paying %%, and most importantly - this is a risk. For in case of credit sales, in every branch of trade and industry, although not often, there are losses - bankruptcies. Before the other brothersѣ, 1 Tim. entered the contract, earlier and adapted to it, morebut.one.TO._______141_______The trade took a lot of quantity. And the contracts that entered later were afraid for the first time of everything, and took a smaller amount. In 1891, there was a beast of Russia, a huge crop failure of bread and herbs, there was nothing to feed cattle. Then all of Russia in autumn cut up a mass of cattle, prices for meat of a share of up to 2-3 kopecks. per pound, leather s. 5-ton rubles dropped to 2.50 K. for pood. There was no one to buy. Then the large Kazan breeder ань Ivan Ivanovich Alabuzov ѣ took the goods submitted to the II Metrogradsky енд Indodend ѣ to bid the quantity of goods, including the use of one million bets of soft goods, i.e. front and legs, - along with the value of the previous year [4 rubles. for a couple closed by E package, 10 3 pp. 20 k. Whereas the majority of the rest of Moscow and Vyatka contractor UBE were declared from 3.50 to 3.80. The commandant approved the entire number for Al Fuzov. After 10 days, the Quartermaster anticipates the sale of 700,000 pairs in Moscow for Oskov, Kiev and Voronezh warehouses. All contractors realize that Alafuzov took a large amount of BE Il Petersburg, although not expensive, but still not at a loss; perhaps, there will not be much to take in .1skvk, but in particular it is cheap and valuable. But nevertheless closed and packages declared prices of about 3 rubles, i.e. who is 2.90, who is 3.10 and between this and us. It turned out that Alabuzov and he took all 700,000 pairs at 2.50 each. Again, all were left without supplies, and all had some of the raw materials procured at least half of the activity of their plant, and that last year’s prices, since the purchases were made the first summer when its harvest was not clarified, i.e. raw materials of about 5 rubles were bought from everyone. stay wet weight, and during the bidding, after the Petersburg trade, from 5 toned by 4 rubles; stay, after 11 Oskov - the entry decreased to s-s 1/2 rub. A 10-day worm is presented by the Quartermaster. K. Bidding for Bazanshar-o okrufourBUT_______142_______Gaokolo 600,000 park. The bsya Vyatskie breeders lost their head, if you thought that Alabuzov or 2.1olkiel would take everything to Kazan, then Vyatka had no place for breeders to go with the goods that were prepared and prepared for the treasury, without any weighting agents. the private market is not imaginable and not good. Then you have to go to Alabuzov or Molkіye Liu and ask Ku to drink from them the goods of the official sample for half a half. All Vyatskiye for the drivers decided, whatever the cost, albeit a big loss, to take in Kazan in a row by ourselves, and declared the full amount of the price: the bootlegs and r. 17., Each of 38 kopecks., I.e. total for I rub. 55 kopecks. for a couple. And Alabuzov and Dolkіel had prices for the Kazan quantity; all of them were declared from 2 rubles. up to 2 p. 25 kopecks. So, Molkiel and PPotapenko and another i! Skovskie contractors for this year were left without supplies, the Vyatka plant was very unprofitable if they sold all the goods that they already had, but continued to purchase raw materials absolutely. Then, after the Kazansky trade in raw materials everywhere, it dropped to 2 p.50 K. for nud. No one bought the breeders without the means. Manufacturers, oil traders, steamers began to buy for speculation. In the Vyatka governorate fi, in the city of Elabug, a well-known manufacture and bread merchant Stakhyev/ builder of many churches, that year bought up to one hundred thousand leather of cheap raw materials in winter. It was dried in the spring and sold again in the fall. In the breeder, the main part of Alabuzov, took benefits of at least a ruble on each skin. Then all the pundits, apart from Alabuzov, took a big loss, including Ilya Tim. and the rest of the brothers Va Khrushchev.Alabuzov, including employees, then there was a story Konstantin Il5LiHn_______143_______ichE Nazarov, who entered Alafuzov to serve as a boy. It was a native of the Vyatka province ui, Sloboda district, SheElevsky volost, a peasant in the village of Volkovskago. Vіalchik on're. a botal plant at Vasiliy Yegorovich Lagunov was an ordinary worker; he was illiterate, and he learned to read and write a little from a sexton, but he was very smart and prudent. he was taught at Lagunov to do more clean workѣ and you pay a little more expensive - to clean, and then cut the skins: I. During the Turkish War V.E. Lagun again worked for Alabuzov, and Vakhru sheva for Kolkіel, as it is reported in the first chapter of this post, Ot Moikіel in Vyatka Gilles trustworthy Aizik. Pevzner, and Alabuzov’s family did not live in Vyatk5. Lagunov. Every year ѣzdal ка kaz personally to Alabuzov for settlements ѣ at the end of the year and for concluding the terms for the next year. V.E. Laguna once again was already old and, even more illiterate, therefore took with him a boycott, a letter of his own, a worker - Kostya Khazarov. Consequently Kazan, due to saving II, V.E. Lagunov again with his worker stopped sometimes for 2-3 days at Alabuzov’s office, and slept in a janitor; then they ate and drank. Ivan I. Alabuzov, being daily in the office, himself was engaged in correspondence and all and orders: all his. to send out their office workers, whom I have been telegraphed with, whom I want to accept materials or send goods, often I will be left alone; there is still something to send someone to the city. To see, the breeder Lagunov sits in a corner, turns to him: "Vasily Yegorovich, is it possible to send your employee to the city at the right time?" With pleasure, Lagunov is readyѣ to serve his patron: "Please, Ivan Ivanovich, send as many as you like, although every day." Alaffuzovѣ, sendingѣ one or two, the beginning is daily according toمیلرone_______144_______e. "oneoneNazarov’s patronage with various assignments; sit yourself, write telegrams or something else, Nazarov stand in front of him with a card in his hand. Alafuzov gives him a tongue-twister mandate: "Come on first there, send it; green, run to another friend - give it still, and then give it another 2-3 places, etc. Not to mention the fact that Nazarov 5- 6 instructions, and KI lazarov to stand still, keep quiet and pick something in his own card. Alaruzov opens his letter, looks at Nazarov and asks: “What are you silent, and what are you picking in your card” . K.I. Nazarov, being prepared to say, “Belt, canes, Ivan Ivanovich E: I’m afraid that you don’t forget or scribble your instructions - I put a piece of paper and a pencil in my card. I listen to your orders and write them down in order.” Ivan Ivanovich Altad uzov really liked this luminosity and accuracy of the performance of a young man. When Nazarov went away with instructions, then Alabuzov called. ѣ sebѣ V.E. Lagunov and offer him to cede, i.e. leave Nazarov. Kazan for service at the Alabuzovsky plantѣ. Lagunov. say: “Well, if you need it, take it, I’ll find it for water, or I’ll teach another one; but I’ll be able to do it the next year. I’ll need you: I have only one in the whole village, I’m literate, and their sons are still small. " Then Alabuzov hesitated and said: "This is not a trouble, you yourself are better than any literacy, please wait alone, and here you will be literate, I will give you E as much as you want without a fee, as well as you have so far borrowed your young man. Yes, finally, I’ll show you the way to give him your order. They agreed on this. Alabuzov asked K .: Nazarov whether he agreed to stay with him. Nazarov. unscrewed: “If the owner: Vasily Egorovich to order, then I refusetTR..........FROM_______145_______I can’t get into it. "Then II Alabuzovѣ said:" A1olodets, so go ahead: first of all, reckon with the host’s majority. Vasily Yegorovich already agreed to leave you with me only when you are ready to visit Kazan, then you and I will be in his seven help. to play. And from today on, I will be your Boss, The salary for the first time, I will appoint you a small, but still 2-3 times more, what did you get from Lagunov, and then - You will depend on. Try to, and you won’t be ordinary. Soon, from E dispatch office boys, K.I. Nazarov was identified by her bailers, then E BE purchasers of materials, including appraisers of the master and the responsible observance of washing wool, and finally, E, BE purchase of Tsiki raw leather and are the main ones trusted in the Alabuzov factories and factories. When he began to get out 10 shopping fairs, he wrote everything down in a memorial book; Irrigation to the backwaters, having appeared to the BE office, OUT of the 11 mint books, All the time says and encloses exculpatory documents. The bookkeeperӣ to compose a report for him, to sign the Nazi rose and hand it over to the owner. The accountant either didn’t like it, or had to be like an improperly knowledgeable assistant. Having prepared the owner’s license, the office prepared an official for Nazaroz: I KEigi - accounting, heading all the main articles, and the accountant handed it,. , write to the pigeon, and, most importantly, don’t peel off, do not scrape off; if you don’t get it, better correct it with red ink, with a reservation. office and carry with you the same chi su oh boo books, ask that non-accountant to give him some assistant who wouldyatEfourthemt_______146_______it’s cleaner to write down books. The accountant asks in surprise: "Adidn’t you, yourself, have written anything in the books, and how - not now you’ll make a report. If I ordered you, by order of the hosts, I purposely opened books and showed how to fill in. Nazarov said: “You didn’t tell you to get dirty, but I didn’t write well, I was afraid to spoil the books, I wrote down everything in my memorabilia,and I asked Vasya to have an experienced scribe so that he would write everything: BE The books should be painted more clearly, and I will tell him and the ladies all the acquittal documents. ”Bukh fotter I consider myself offended, send to report to Ivan Ivan Alaruzov. go carry books in your suitcaseѣ. Take it back and make it rough in the same way as before. I continued to know that he wouldn’t be able to write in your opinion, but without any formalities would do it: it’s even better. "They no longer forced him to work as a clerk, but if he began to give him a good or competent office to help him with it, one or two. Ivan Ivanovich Alauzov, until his death, reckoned with a lot of Konstantin Ilyich Nazarov and his love, put his hell out of his hands to, and, Nazarov, mainly in leather business and in the purchase of raw materials, and in allIt is indicated. When, in 1891 -14, I.I. Alaruzov for more than 2/3 of the entire delivery to the architects, then K.I. Nazarov pos. Alabuzov should attract the Vyatka small breeders, to help them move the critical year, but so that they would give their word - not to work further with 10 people and other Oskov under the ranks. Alabuzov, taking into account the convocation of Nazarov, instructed him to first speak with his fellow countrymen, the Vyatka factory workers, especially the Vakhrushevs, who worked purely on their own. E.I.Nazarov was the last years with Ilya-Tim. and knew himk:tgone52 tyі!four***• Goriffoneіhnigone. Ty_______147_______through Khruleva and Lagunova painful others. In the following year, before the merchant, they turned to Il-Tiim. cі offer a proposal to Vyatka breeders as a whole group to come to I.I. Elaffuzov and to offer EYal to compete with suppliers for the supply of Quartermaster salaries against the galley and a breeder02 other districts, all required by the treasury to distribute the entire treasury and Alabuzov, 10 inexpensive in value, with little use, if only there was nothing left to eat, rich and other contractors of the Oskov group. Be convinced that without the Vyatka breeder 1: only 10 and 1] don’t do anything, they soon completely rejected this deal. Vyatka breeders # Сѣ gathered and invited to the meeting K.I. Nazarova; We discussed his giredlogenie, agreed that, for good - Alabuz), the power is great, that in the past, they almost all razed them up, then it was dangerous to go further, the ray was shouted! cE Kiіm E and let go of his bicycles to her - you have to go to go to ride. They gave Nazarov a basic first general agreement and asked him to prepare I.A. for negotiations Klausova. The next day, all the gruppi oi arrived in Petersburg ѣ to her office k Alabuzov. In the presence of E. I. Nazarov, I. !!. Klausov. They expressed their opinion to Niya that, according to the initiative of E.I. Nazarov, he was willingly ready to work in support. Днісі дѣтъ вѣ comprises 2% CE Vyatka and, but under the indisputable condition of Eii - not to chase great benefits, and that not one of them should work with ілкіеле другими and other contractors who have a lot of factory workers. Everyone gave their word, the conditions froze, they began to diverge. Ilya Tiі%. He’s not in a hurry to leave, he wants to steal something else. 14.4. Vlabuz0 addresses him: "Well, what else. Today it’s not very good to say, ka: Dima knows his amount, discuss the AE values ​​tomorrow, it could be spent." All Vyatskie seeatthat}; iffifteen. .}BUT-5fromhaone.P...Eone-_______148_______that Ilya Tim. we have something to say, but it is difficult. All of them stood near the exit doors. Then Ilya Tim. Turns to Alabuzov: "Ivan Ivanovich, all this is good, but ... and you, you will not have us all. You will not leave us without supplies again." I.I. Ala fuzov, not expecting such a kind of question about doubts or lack of respect for him, was a little embarrassed and said: “What are you, Ilya Timofeevich, why were you going and I said for 2 hours. The general word is given - if you all - we will strictly keep our word. Last year we didn’t have such conversations and did not reassure us, we made every way our way and were free to do as you want. " Then Ilya Tim. "Well, okay, that God give, try. Give us your hand and pray to God all." Have all turned to tsom. kikonѣ, crossed themselves. Ilya T. Poyal hand to I.I. Alabuzov and K.I. Nazarov, and everyone left.Alafuzov really liked all this, especially after the announcement of Ilya Tim. Left together for Nazarov, and: and. Ala fuzov say: “Look at how your Vyat’s men are friendly, honest: they don’t flatter and politically don’t speak half-hints, but they directly turn to you and speak openly that embarrasses him. That direct question. No one would dare to evade from right from the gate. Having received a satisfactory take away, having crossed over to the icon, the gaze will be calm and will keep his word throughout his life. You can have it with such people. " Indeed, in the long term 20-30 years, without any written conditions, in a word, between Vyatka breeders and Alabuzov there were mutual commercial and friendly relations; not only did they compete with each other, but, on the contrary, helped each other, and Alabuzov, who was very much beaten by Ilya Tim., always in all concessions and courtesies, tried to show himself before Vyatsky. A.K. Nazarov,TgtttteI am..._______149_______The fair helped the whole of Vyatsky, and especially Vakhrushev, it’s more profitable to buy raw materials and arrange a loan. Because the Siberian raw materials producers, most Tatars, first of all went to the fairs and offered their parts to K.I. Nazarov for Alabuzov, and they will say: "We don’t need to, go, offer Vyatsky, if it seems to him that way still need a little bit. " Tatarini ask whether it is possible to lend him a loan, and to what amount. Nazarov reject: "Yes, really, I would have started to send you to him, if it was doubtful. Of course, you can, as much as you like." If any seller stubbornly wants to take something superfluous against others, then the buyer and the seller will both go to K. Nazarov together and say: "Peace be upon us, we cannot bargain." Then E.I. listen to both and say: "You add more hryvnia, but give in the hryvnia." Or to see that the buyer has already given away something that no longer follows. He turns to the seller: “What are you: you want to be smart all the time. Or you want a breeder. Just pick it up, and then don't meet. Everywhere, and sometimes come in handy. What you ask in vain, look, your traders sold such a product for this price, and you shouldn’t give more for your product. This buyer will give you the right thing, and I won’t advise you to add it, and you don’t be stubborn - give it back. " sya - your will, do not come to me after the advice: ". The seller immediately surrenders - why not obey. "If Nazar speaks, we will not dare. Do not listen - you are older and more experienced, you have never taught anyone anything bad, you are always kind and good to have it; God grant you good health!At the Nizhny Novgorod, Irbitsky and Tyumen fairs, K.I._______150_______Sky province knew a lot of merchants and industrialists. I always gave the banks correct, impartial information, and I governed the banks that loved K.I. Nazarov, 12 years before his death, Ivan Iv. Alaffuzov instructed Nazarov to choose a nice stone house in Termi not far from the Alaffuzovsk factory (formerly Vremyaevskago, and purchased by Alabuzov through Nazarov). , spit the expenses on the deed of purchase, and asked K.I. Nazarov to buy this house in his own name and take it as a gift from the company of the Alabuzov factories and factories. After the death of I.I. Alabuzov, K. Nazarovѣ still served twenty un -BE II Ala Fuzova and the last 2 years consisted of h the board of directors of the Alabuzovsk factories and factories, under the chairmanship of Ivan Ivanovich’s brother, that is, Nikolai Ivan Alauzov, three years before the death of the Nizhny Novgorod Fair, all banks, before the bearer of the state-owned state bank; Advisor Nikolai Pavlovich Polyanskago was honored and honored by K.I.Vennago Bank. For this, they are not 11Chayshim Monarshim awards: it was all relying on his peasant rank for the medal and the last highest award was the gold neck medal on the Annensky ribbonѣ. Die K.I. Nazarov in Perm, for the cause of Alabuzov. At the funeral, from the firm of Alabuzov, the former commander of the youngest brother was George Ivanovich Alabuzov, who was recognized from Petersburg to Perm at will. dear and laying on the tomb of the deceased go silver wok. Ot Vyatka factory breeders from E Vyatka to Perm at will, dear; representative of the company bargaining. at home Fedor Tin.BUT_______151_______Vakhrushev's sons, Alexander Fedorovich Vakhrushev with his grandson. V. Kentіem Petrovich. Wahrui omy, also entrusted to the grave in the night with the appropriate inscription.During the life of I.I.Alabuzov, due to his great personal location, he was Tim. And also located and K.I. enjoyed some and advantages, and especially during the bidding he headed the Vyatka group of breeders. All the bmѣ stѣ bribe, provided him, in comparison with the other brothers, only material benefits. Apart from the south, they were not limited only to the rates for shoe products, like the rest of the breeders, but followed the publication for all procurements of the Quartermaster. I got a lot, except for military goods of amn unary things: cartridge bags, cabs, belts, belts and so on. There were fewer competitors in supplies, and therefore the prices were not so low, the percentage of earnings was higher and, most importantly, they were. Plus to the rest of the earnings, because through this is the supply of salted goods. The plant of Ilya T. did not decrease, but went on in turn. Single God Ilya Tim. he took and delivered the horse harness for the artillery of the house. Then, during the Japanese war, he delivered fur-sheepskin short fur coats through Kazan Quartermantes, buying short fur coats from handicraftsmen and fur-breeders, and reselling the commissariat's small benefit to the Far Eastern army Of course, there was little benefit from this. his indigenous factory business, i.e. supply of shoemaking goods, and as a result of his sixty hard work, Ilya Tim. saved up such a solid capital, as indicated above. His sons during the life of his father / chrome Nikolai Ilyich, as mentioned above, thatthey serve zemstvo vowelsthree trilinky /, not one in the communityPA-...-,,_______152_______they did not serve the military services; even schools were not elected trustees. Not a single one was interested in politics, friendship was made with the police and si progressists. Anyway, all Vakhrushevs had a local bailiff, a police officer, a zemstvo chief, a zemstvo governor and a rural clergy - they were always the first guests at the holidays. Before the opening of the village of Voznesensko-Vakhru sheva, the bailiff of the 1st section of the Slobodsky uzd, there were Stulovskaya, Shepelevskaya and Yaroslavskaya volosts, housing in the Yaroslavl volost, in the Tatar village of Karino. When the Vakhrushevs built a church, they wanted to become or headquarters to transfer Karin to Slobodskaya from Karl. More than that, then it was the first bailiff in the 1st precinct. Nikolai Alekseevich Du Marevsky, who was very pretty and friendly with all of VA Khrushevs. At the request of the Vakhrushevs, supported by the local governor, Nikolai Vasilyevich Frontinsky, the Vyatka Governor. this translation was resolved., but there were no strangers in the village of Vakhrushevѣ, except for the factory owners of Vakhrushevs, there was nowhere to rent apartments at the time. The Vakhrushevs, upon intercessionѣ, stated that they would be free to give themselves an apartment for the first 3 years for the bailiff, the office of the police and the guard. Moreover, one of the heirs Fedo pa t. Arranged a wooden two-story house especially for this purpose, but at that time Nikolai Alex. Dumarevskago was promoted by servicesѣ and appointed assistant to the police officer in Slobodskaya, and three years later, three police officers in the city of Slobodsky. But when in Vakhrushev’s selfie, prepare for the police house, then the bailiff. The first section was a significant former officer Verneev, who also went to the village of Vakhru shevo. At the first step, he wanted to show his power - to portray the main bosses. Send around the factories toT.е... . .e_______153_______they submitted to his order every day a horse and a crew, in turn, to drive around the factories - when he wished .. The order was for small breeders ... In the first, the same house he was told that the largest factory for production was Ilya Timofeyevich - him and start. The officer came KE Ilѣ Tim. Aunt with family sit at the table, drink nai. The officer to explain, conceived came by time at the time of standing. Ilya Tim, listened, frowned and kept quiet. The squad. he waited, he again addresses: "Ilya Timofeevich, that I must inform my boss; what you said in my statement about his name." Ilya Tim. paused yet, and said: "Tell him that I have not said anything." The squad is silent, shifted, and not leave. Then Ilya T. again said: “Yes, it’s not convenient for you, you are the first person; you are obliged to do what your superiors instructed. Then go and tell the bailiff that I heard you out and said that I have free horses for him, I don’t bother to ride horses every day, I go more often, and besides, I don’t need to go to the factory, and if I need to, then I will send the horse for him, or myself for him. I’ll invite you. " Then the officer, having waited another time, was going to leave and say: “Well, if you decide to transmit it, I’ll say so.” Ilya Tim, say: “Be sure to give it in, don’t change anything and don’t miss it.” Secondly, Verneev to whom he didn’t send a shady man, and without an invitation not only to the factories, but also to the house, he wasn’t Vakhrushev. Whether Ilya Tim. the governor or the Governor had fallen for him, it is unjustifiable, but after a month Verne ev from the first section, becoming a bailiff, having been transferred to Kholunitsky factories at Slobodsky same uzdѣ, even the last ones, from Kola Itza BE Vyatka politsmeysterom. Bb village Ascension-Vakhrushevo.._______154_______those. in the 1st section. Sloboda district, the former was appointed a family bailiff from the postal officials - Mikhailovskiy, who served as the bailiff for 3 years, and then was replaced by N.A. Dumarevsko appointed Nazi Slobodskoy assistant police officer; and Dumarevskiy - correcting anyone in Slobodskoy at the place of the previous resignation of N.V. Frontin Skago. The bailiff in the first station, to the village of Vakhrushevo, was assigned a name from E Kotelnichesky. yѣzda, Alexander, Latvich Vasilievi, who lived on this place for ten. When the governors of the proposal. If he was promoted to assistants to another district, then he refused and resigned, moved to private service at the trading house of Fedor Timof. Vakhrusheva S.I. - Secretary. Glya Timofeevich, you died in 1906, shortly after the Japanese war, 72 years. Solemnly buried in the church fence, on the right side, next to his wife, who died seven years earlier than him. Four years before his death, Ilya Tim., For the donation of a cast-iron church fence and two large icons to be kept, was Etarchal. Archbishop Alexey was presented a second time to the Highest Grace, and received a reward - personal honorary citizenship, which later could be granted hereditary, and then granted the right, equal to officials or nobles, awarded the Russian orders. But before that, Ilya Tim did not live to see it.At the beginning of my story, it was noted that approximately in 1840-45 Timofei Anfimovich E Vakhrushev left the village of Trofimovskaya - Vakhrushi in the village of Nalozavalinsky, his wife, sister and four sons, of whom only two were married, thus, in number 9 or no more than 10 people.In the course of sixty years, on the day of death of the last son of Timofei Anfimovich, Ilya Timofeevich, K. 1906, all later_______155_______- 155 - Timofey Anfimovich’s family grew into four large families, up to 105 people, excluding the deceased and married. and the village of Malozavalinskaya, from one wooden house, turned into BE a huge trade and factory village with. ten. large stone and semi-stone houses under the iron roofs, four independent plants, and a large stone cerCove.The further activities of the fourth generation Timofei Anfimovich Zakhrushev, the expansion of the construction of the village and the restructuring of the shrine and the renovation of the church, including until the time of revolution, will be communicated to the last chapter.- (0-0-0-0-0-0_______156_______CHAPTER 3.ueva.The childhood and youth of Peter Alexandrovich Vakhrushev..one.:In 1867, on October 3, I was born - the first great-grandson of Timofei Anfimovich Vakhrushev, from the parents of Alexander Fedorovich and Alexandra Ivanovna Vakhrushevѣ. During the Orthodox holy baptism, the name of the newborn was named Peter, celebrated by Vyu Church on October 5, in honor of Moscow miracle workers and Metropolitan Comrade. Peter, Alex and I.I vaguely remember my childhood, beginning, approximately, with all my sins. Until about 13 years old we lived in a stone house если if you drive from the road along the street, then on the right hand is the backwater of Fedor Timofeevich Vakhrushev, my grandfather, and next to his stone house is a 2-story building, covered with a wooden red roof, street length is 5 fathoms and 5 windows across, 4 1/2 fathoms. At the bottom there are two rooms facing the street, the first large kitchen for workers - 3 saunas is the length of the street and 2 1/2 inside, the second is next, with windows 2 to the street and 2 to the factory, the length of the street is 2 sazhen and in depth yard 2 1/2 soot. In the first - the kitchen - stood by the wall separating the room, a large kitchen oven for baking a pood of five bread for work daily, the front door to the kitchen from the courtyard, i.e. opposite the street, the furnace from the back wall stood two arshins in this interval, behind the furnace an internal staircase to the 2nd floor was arranged. From the stove to the opposite wall of the kitchen, the ceiling is coma, there are four arshins of 4 lengths and 4 widths, on the stove there is a bed; both on the stove and on the floor XE the cook and the coachman slept. Near the right and front walls, there was a wide constant, i.e.non-moving benches, or those who were called in the villages—-- od_______157_______benches; sometimes they slept on them at night, when it seemed like to sleep in the oven or in the dark. For permanent benches - benches, 4-5 tables were set up, and on the other side, along the table, small benches were placed. Planks were placed on the light at both ends of the table, on a heavy bench — benches on the light. From both ends of each table 2 people were seated and 4 people along the table. to the side this way. 12 people for each so much, and 48-60 little men were immediately worshiped. If all the workers didn’t immediately move, then they were cheated by two cm. In the second room below, the Kitchen Utility was set up, there was a small kitchen stove for making food for the owner - it was called a white master kitchen. Opposite the stove, by the window, there was a large table on which Gerasim Fedotovich sat and sewed the whole seven clothes almost all year round, and by the second window, in front of a small corner, there was an office with so many drawers on the cabinets. Between 1st and the second window, facing the factory, there was a large money chest, further, at the back wall, there was a two sleeping bed, behind a chintz curtain on which my parents slept, and afterwards, when they were children, they were suspended next to the blood a cradle, called a shak, in which a child swayed and slept until the 1st year. When the 2nd one appears, the older one is supposed to sleep on the floor, on felt, and the newborn is shaky. The third appears - it is unsteady, and two on the floor, etc. Thus, this room was considered the bedroom of Alexander Fedorovich and the same white kitchen and office. Then, through the window, the workers gave out calculations to the factory yard, and in the winter they made BE settlements for the water kitchen. The clerks were then replaced by the owners, and tailor Ge rasim. Fedotovich, went to bed at night in the large kitchen on the floor with coachmen. In front of the kitchen there were more suns, against the kitchen''+_______158_______doors, on the opposite side of the door to the cow yard, and near the Door, to the yard, on the right side of the platform, is a latrine for the cook, coachman and living on the lower floor. On the left side of the door there is a staircase in a barn, i.e. вѣ sovoval nad cowshed. Take a length of 5 soot. and with a width of 2 sai. partitioned in half. The back end was a pantry - a closet. There was stored a storehouse of bread, leavened barrels, 2-3 leaven for workers and so on. products. In this pantry there was one window with a grill overlooking the factory yard. On the upper floor of the house there were 2 rooms on the street with a window and a hall, and 2 windows - a living room, and then there was a bedroom of II Fedorovich. A staircase leading from below went upstairs into a wide corridor, with a window to the factory yard. It was a common room for tea every day, and if there were guests, then a large bucket of samovar was given to this room from below by men, and the hostess served tea to the guests in the hall. In the hall and had guests with guests, and without guests below, in the kitchen. Nagy closet. there was a bedroom of a thigh of Timofeevich with children; the last day is on the floor.We played with the children of Ivan Tim. Two of the boys were I and two years older than me, and the 3rd Sement was mine, and Alexandra and Konstantin were I-2 years younger than me. At the kids. Fedora Tim. son. The second wife, Stepan, was two years old. older than me, daughter Mariya - my same age; Catherine is a year younger. We all played in one group, because our houses were one opposite to the other only across the street. Since the house of Fyodor Timofeev’s grandfather, CE, whom my father lived, was near the factory and Ivan Tim. the house is also at the factory - one against the other. Although the children of Ilya Tim. - Alexey and Afanasy were our age, but they lived with their parents too at the factory for the river, already far from us, and therefore they came to play with us very often. We didn’t have a nanny. BeforeP._______159_______mother and grandmother were looking after us, and for me she was already great grandmother - Irina Petrovna, wife of Timofei Anfimovich. I remember her well, since she died when many were already II. One Saturday we will drive home from E Slobodsky. My mother took me into the house of Ivan Timofeevich, to say goodbye to the deceased great-grandmother Irina Petrova. She was already in the grave, and the next day they brought her to the village of Spasskoye and buried her. They tell me that she especially, more than others, loved me, and spoiled me with goodies. 6 years old abalone Fedor Tim. Send me, with one of the workers, on 6 horses, go to the forge, to the mountain river, which is located 3 versts of Ot nas, to the blacksmith Nikolai Anikievich Potkin. The village name was Potka Nikola Anikin. I chose the most humble horse, tied a second horse to the tail, put me on the front horseback without a saddle, and the coachman on horseback on the other horse, taking in hand the others. We arrived at the forge.I’m like a master’s grandson, p. with great honor met Niko - Lai Anikievich. I arranged for my wife to bring me a loaf of soft beer, since this coincided with the next day after the feast, and in the villages, for patrons and holidays, always brew home-made beer. And he took up the job of horseshoeing our horses. They brought a big bucket of beer; I just boval a little and say: “I don’t want to. Vasya, it’s necessary to be sure that you got water from the drainpipe, and it’s bitter,” Nick. Anik. to say: "It cannot be." They took a bucket from me, tasted it for themselves, laughed and said: "No, the beer is good, but a little bittersweet. You compare it with your own - you have a thick beer." I put a little bit and add sugarѣ, and we try to dilute it a little more with water, Yes, put more ҳmѣlya so that you can get more beer, so that there are enough guests for all, yes, hops_______160_______they would be intoxicated to be intoxicated. This is considered a good ugly puppy - and you are rejecting it. "Nick. Anik. I drank half of it ourselves and finished it off with our worker; they both fussed over me. And the next day, a blacksmith smoked to ours, once said, dear soul, how they pleased an unprecedented I tried to treat the best, and they saved me, saying: “Beer from the drainpipe fell.” They all clenched over me, and then I tried to hide when Nikolai II otchka squeezed out. Every year we all, boys, and sometimes girls, horseback riding, when planted in the field harrowed and Zili from the yard on the field manure for fertilizer. Of course, our business was only to smoke. You can walk. You ride on a horse or on a cart, on a slatted straw or horn - k -, and vice versa - standing on your feet in tel, holding on tightly, “I’ll pull you fuss, whip your hand, understand the distillation. In the same autumn, when harvesting the bread from the field, we carried the sheaves to the threshing floor. We loved all these works, because you ride the whole day on donations, you get pleasure, and even in the evening, give all five cents for gingerbread cookies to give and swear that there are be accustomed to make, tak good lyudmі I will ::. In the fall, I was taken away to study in the village of Uspenskoe or the river, as mentioned above. The second daughter of Parfen Tia, Anna Parfenovna, was married to Yakov Ivanovich Dengin. My parents are to them. grandmother, talk to her, they asked her, in a relative way, to take me to bread. They put the ruble 2-3 months. They took it and sent me to one of the Sundays. Inѣ did not want to drive. I remember crying. But she caressed, said that she would bring home on holidays, and, moreover, mother said that each and every one of them would give a penny to the hotel guests, as well as Stepan and Mashenka, who had already studied Slobodsky. Stepan -to1 TrAwkyTone?.._______161_______at a local school / and they lodged with the inspector, Vasiliy Alexeyevich Korobov /, and Mashenka, the eldest daughter of Fedor Timofeevich, teach• in the ѣ Slobodsky monastery ’, the church and parishschoolѣ and lodged there, you are a monasteryѣ, with a distant relative, nun Lyubov Prokofievna Marakulina, called mother Lyubov, is one of the best church choirs in the monasteryѣ. I got a penny right away, and I am very pleased to eat it, the next day I’ve got a pang. Piglet. Yin was handed out, and the blood of how much money was given to Anna Larfenovna Dengina, so that, first of all, when she would lead me to school, she would go to church with me to give a prayer and put a wax candle on the Savior and Boniya Mothers. So everything was exactly the same in El olno. Anna Parfenovna HER school brought me the last prayer service. In str - tila we were the senior teacher, Nadezhda Arkadyevna Bernikova, and by Moshnitsa, Tatyana Egorova. I am again cowardly - I am afraid to be alone without Anna Parfenovna. Then the teachers caressed me, persuaded me that they would not keep me for a long time and take me home. I’ve spent hours or two, indeed, I was a remission. They asked me if I could find a horn, and whether to conduct me. But many times they have already waited for the 3rd - there is not enough territory: the main thing is that in your pocket there is a captain ishal - a dime. Myself, I must go to the shop soon, and whatever I want, I will buy it. Pribyaal bѣgom to Dengina and I call: "The third day of fast in the shop - the hotel to buy." She persuades that it is necessary to win first, then let's go. I’m afraid that I’ll lock up the shop, or buy something else there. But she convinced me not to lock up and not to buy goods with my money. Hwa tit. Finally, let’s go, let's go. Dear she, she many times bought all the money not to spend right away, but to take a pretty penny that she likes, and the second tomorrow. And so enough for almost the whole week. Have comefrom3_______162_______BE a prince’s shop near the church (where the descendant was a house. Sergiy Feori lovich Zhilin /. The seller turns to me: “What you need.” Well, I am pennying a good kopek. He offers candy, or gingerbread, or dates, or nuts. my eyes went wild — I would have taken it all и, and I don’t know whether to give me just one penny. Then Anna Parfenovna suggested: “Well, you haven’t gotten a date yet. Take it, try it.” That’s what you did. date for a penny. So they liked a lot, as of now in memory. And descendants, at least through time, but always preferred to . Pat dates and izrѣdka only cookies or candy to the penny at the same time with me, brought tu the same school to learn and also to lodge Annѣ Partenovnѣ, from the village of Spasskago, son of Olga Parfenovny beetles -Andrei, be with me alone. He was considered to be poor and a penny, he was not given a parent. Therefore, many of the guests of the hotel came to eat and eat H314, they lay asleep in the kitchen. on the floor Yah, and I am in a clean room, on a hard sofa, on felt. And money, husband and wife, slept in the same clean roomѣ, on the bed. It was well in my memory that through the last day I didn’t bring me my son’s school, Ivan and Ilyich E 5511 tench. Irіkhali bg and a good horse nest. The horse was tied to L POp. 2 mother at the gate for the door ring. When they let us go outside, we ran through the gate and we had to bend all the way and run under this lip under this horse. I was sorry first, bent down, they wanted to slip through, but the horse grabbed my teeth by the cap of CE with a piece of hair. KartuzE from the head tore off and escaped a tuft of hair. Everyone screamed. Vyzhzhal Mikh. Ilyich E Rilin, they removed the horse from the gate, tied it somewhere else, and they took me to school. Great impression then made on all that son. Not linaTitisfkt._______163_______I didn’t want to leave behind my father and stay in schoolѣ. Bring his father by the hand - the son will break free, kill and climb into the ram. Pull his father by the hair, quilted with a rope, chE DO vet - baw. His father again forcibly dragged him, roaring to school. Give the "hands of the teacher" to hold, and in this ge. My father is trying to go to the horse. The teacher tries to change her affection, to persuade, but does not want to keep forcibly. As soon as the father leaves the stairs to the courtyard, the son does not listen to the teacher’s persuasion, run away, overtakes his father, and crawls again. You are ramming. Repeats again: even more flogging and louder roaring. This was repeated over the course of an hour several times. Finally, 21 yards were successful. Ilyich left Ivan at school, and left for his own home. His house was for Slobodsky, against Stulovskogo ruled I, from the Assumption village verst 8 or 9. Ivan, without hesitation, again broke out and defeated his fathers. Of course, they didn’t catch up, but it was good to go home. They didn’t bring him back to Uspenskoe and, it seems, after a year, he began to study in the Slovenian.I kept quarters with Anna Parfenovna with money. The husband of Anna Parfenovna, Jacob. Ivanovich Dengin, was engaged in sapod crafts, had I-2 assistants ѣ shoemakers. They worked together. or three peasant boots all winter. VFebruaryKE him buyers in front of the Kotelnic Fair and everything that was badly done in the village of Uspensky was bought and recognized by everyone for resale at the Kotelnic Fair, which started on the 1st of March and lasted until the 10th. One of the money's henchmen, Egor, showed us boys different tricks on maps and peas гор. Taking 7 their gordin dry, showed that you insert one pea at a time and, in the nose, into your eyes and 7th mouth. Hand-wailing and coughingand remove one pea from his mouth. Just sell 7 times,_______164_______put the whole pea on salt, telling us that from the ears and nose and the 15th eye, after each cough, the peas go over the mouth. Of course, we believed and wondered. I wanted to check this focus myself. Take 7 peas, the first zapі ustost in your right ear. I feel the pain. I try to cough - do not pass from ear to mouth. I try to get my ear back out - nothing works. Don’t tell anyone: - and left it. KE pain gradually with off, and on the right ear did not hear anything. In summer 15, the top pea peel rotted and half of the pea fell out of the ear, but the other half remained. I went to the ear doctor - he couldn’t do anything. It took another 20 or 25 years, then only the clearly visible half of the pea fell out, "but I remained on the right ear floor - deaf, that is, I hear very hard right in my ear, and left E, xoo tіo. V. Uspenskaya I studied at the Zemstvo school for 3 years. There were no outstanding events in my memory. It seems that I didn’t study diligently. what was worse than mine wasn’t written by any student, but, to my surprise, they nevertheless issued a prominent CE I.d. yours for elementary school. / It turned out to be descendant, through E 3c, I recognize father Georgy Utrobin, who serves as the rector of the E temple in the village of Uspenskago and was the law teacher in the Zemstvo school, that he would see my nasty written work without showing it to the examiner, while the examiners sawed tea, at this time the Georgi law, the teacher, took a clean notebook and left the box with his left hand without error. Therefore, the examiner put it in the top five — the highest point,I’ve been home at home. On the 25th and the next day, on the next day after Ivan's Day, we went to slander Ilavel Fedorovich, my uncle, smilingTHOSE_______165_______the 10th working pigtails and a cook, and they took me with them, to carry the shovels to the stack, which I was very glad to ride a horse again. Say hello early in the morning, Pavel Fed. With just one worker, they began to build a hut from E chopped up stakes and covered them with sailboats, which were brought in with them, - canvas. The remaining workers immediately sent the braids and went harmoniously one after another, right and in rows, mowing the snow, I stood and admired how beautifully and quickly the valuable area was growing, but Pavel F. sent me to collect some tea of ​​berries, indicating from afar: "Stink there, far away on a branch of a bush, so there are berries of wild strawberries; run away, get some tea." The cook began to cook breakfast for the workers, and for the owner, the samovar E. Passed by, and, to my great chagrin, I found no more than five berries. I’m going saddened, I think - I won’t lie and there will be a parting. But it turned out that they believed it, and the workers confirmed that it’s too early to eat berries after the day of Petrov’s day, i.e. it is necessary to wait another 10 days. Especially tasty E seemed to be on qiEating meat cooked in the airѣ, and generally something in the airѣ for all is a good appetite; it may be that he has been strengthened but having worked, and ять to do well. But I almost didn’t work, I just rode a horse, brought up the accumulated snow and hay, and the same is very good. On days 12-15 everyone was mowed down, swept away into plants - stacks, fenced off and everyone went home. I remember driving home. The little girl is sitting in the hall at the window with the guests who have come on Nina’s ho. XI-th July birthday girl grandmother Olga Pavlovna. Praise lil all: well done, soon managed. Now they called Nas to the terrace for tea, and the workers were all told to serve the varieties and a glass of vodka and an improved obdu. This is the only one_______166_______since I was on a skynok. Then the grandfather and all the further sweat he gave their mowing to mow Basil Evsevich SharomovCOATS.EprIt passed without any special events. In the autumn, the little guy took me along with Stepanov, to study in the city. As soon as the regional schools were renamed, they were renamed into urban schools and the program was expanded. Without an exam, Stepan, as a student at a local school, was admitted to the city, in the appropriate class, and despite the evidence, they briefly examined me with other newcomers. Again, I wrote the dictation disgustingly, and I got so dirty with Nilami, even signing my notebook, I forgot my name Peter, to write five letters in three of three. I announce Fedor Tim. that your grandson cannot be accepted is poorly prepared. D% darling to say: “I know that they’re a bad student, and for this I told him to teach you. Where can I take it now? At the village of Uspensky, they gave him evidence that he taught everything, there’s more to teach him nothing , and you will recognize him as unsuitable E. Well, remember and teach him privately and put him in junior class .. I don’t know how they all arranged, I think I’ll ask you: 1 of one of the teachers to work with me privately PE I’m kind of rehearsing for a couple of weeks, but still it turned out that I would immediately accept Her 3rd division of the 1st class, and every year I passed The following separation, but a month before the exam, almost every year, in my soul I hired a lot of tutors, 50 kopecks per hour lessons. He refused to keep the two, and sent the decree to Nadezhda Ivanovna Khrnova, the daughter of the former Sloboda city doctor, and the sister of the teacher of the regional school of geography.E----"one_______167_______N.I. Khrnova willingly us. I took 7 rubles for bread. “Every month, that many seemed terribly expensive, but dyd urika, without stumbling, agreed. B. on the first day she fed us well for the catering, and on the third dish I served milk with raspberries and cakes to J. Malin and cakes for catering until now, I haven’t done anything anywhere; I’m looking forward, and I think: now I’ve been studying for three years in vain BE Uspensky, I should immediately ask for a city. Then every morning the bakers brought a fresh bun for us with Stepan for two. We are neatly ra. They paused, drank in half, ate a little with morning tea, and took the rest of the tokts with them to school and reached for a large shift of 2 hours. The loaf of mntohe was a great pleasure because we did not see it at home, in the villages, only sometimes we had a holiday or a bazaar day with an ear or broadsword. kind and bring on a coffee shop. On the day of egg laying, i.e. a week after Troitsyn day, Nasi Nadezhda Ivanovna took a walk to the village around: Stulovskogo ruled I, to her friend, who delivered her milk on a weekly basis. Out of jealousy this conspiracy was celebrated, like big holidays, the guests gathered. Girls and boys played round dances and danced to a midge or a song. Then they played with colored eggs. To put a few people 1 or 2 eggs in a row, just like dibs, and instead of tiles, knock down soft ball with a ball. The game was called - roll eggs. I really liked this and it remained in my memory, but I never met this game anywhere else. The first 2 years I studied at Slobodskoy and lived with Khrnova with • Stepan om, but after 2 years he could not stand it. The final exam, were to take home, left remained to continue their studies. Then from ѣ Dvichiago y on the hatch of ѣ dyushka hip Tim, took the eldest daughter Hn from the study homeTTI.T_______168_______рі: 0, and the second Catherine and the 3rd Elizabeth, as well as my sister An Fiza and the daughter of Pavel Fedorovich Afanasy from the monastery school of Pere. led to study at the Sloboda girls’s gymnasium, and to lodge the same styles as Nadezhd Ivanovna Khrnova. All of it there are four spas whether you are dining in the same bed across, while I slept in the small middle roomѣ, and the hostess, n.i. Khrnova - B hall, she had a bed.When we were still living with Stepanom, the children of Ivan Nikhailovich lived alongside us: 11lyusnina: Arkadiy, Vasiliy, ІPetr and Mikhail. I was the youngest of all six. We all played in revenge, then at Plyusninsky Dvor, and sometimes at Khrnovsky. In winter, they made a fortress in Khrenova’s garden, and began to play war. The eldest two - Arkadiy and Stepan began to lose strength, and the four of us began to fall - to take the storm by storm; half of the gardeners have already passed, due to extremes, one of those advancing flew an icy snowball directly into his face. Val and bruises burst under the eye, blood flowed from the nose; wounded yelling, cried. I heard On deja Eve. Khrnova, arrived in the garden and dispersed all of us, and the next day, while we were at school, she hired some kind of guy, scattered all our strength, and again build Nadezhda Iv. re hall. Next to the house. Plyusninykh, the past was the house of Yakov Matveevich. According to him, where did he live with his family, and in the barn at his house was hisa warehouse of various goods for a store-shop, which was located in the city's upper rows / living room. The barn at home is CE the upper floor has a roof, the gable roof had a dormer window overlooking the IIlyusnin sky courtyard. Through this Window, all the boys playing, the company, climbed onto the barn ceiling and dragged a smoked roach from there. Once climbed thereEr_______169_______ by the whole company, hoping that the barrier was locked, because the door was shut, and they did not look at what to remove the padlock on the doors. It turned out that the shopkeepers in the lower barn sorted some goods. Hear that at the top of the kids, he took the broom, climbed the lap to the ceiling and shouted: "I will kill you completely with this broom." The older ones did not jump out the window, and the younger ones, two men, detained and dragged with them: "I will take Vasya to the police; since the fairy tale, as well as the score got into the barrier. If you frankly say sorry, I forgive." But at first we were unaware that the first was only disconnected, but they said all the time, only don’t tell anyone, and we won’t climb anymore. He is from the Ustil II, and the next day see ME that a grated grate is inserted in the window; no one else is nasal. He didn’t tell, but with cereals, he only told his master, but neither the teachers nor our parents didn’t get this leprosy of ours. Nadezhda Iv. Hrѣnі ova learned about: this, but promised not to say darling, if we give the floor not to repeat such leprosy and stop the other: bu p. Metatarsus boys. We agreed to this, giving an honest word. In the evenings, she sat down and read about herself aloud, alternately: one reads, and the other had nothing to do. So, so as not to burn, she taught us both how to knit stockings. At first, you liked it better than reading, and sometimes we argued among ourselves - everyone was reluctant to read, preferably grabbed for knitting a stocking. But Nadezhda Yves. a turn was established and she herself watched, whose turn it is today to read. Then you didn’t have to object to it, they were afraid that a disdain would come for disobedience. But he, as if on purpose, every time he passes, he asks us: “Well, what, Nadezhda Ivanovna, like my kids, are you not naughty? Do they listen. "oneFrton loneoneG.fourictabout(g3_______170_______both boys are very confused, don’t be naughty, they obey and try to teach diligently y = 20 ki. "Soon, our government p. Plyusninski VA And the boys ended: the house. IHE sold Lvan to Nikolayevich Zhelvakov, his nickname was urosh, and the house. Yakov Matvich Vich Popov was sold to La Punova. There was a rumor in the aftermath that Arkady PlusNy disappeared without being informed. Sister ҳ Ekaterina Ivanovna married Latvia Alexeyevich Saltykov. 2nd brother, Vasily Ivanovich Ilyusnin,stepped Freely determined in the ears of the military: boo, and I with him. Did Li meet for the first time since 1910-12 in Grkut, he was already a lieutenant colonel, and during the revolution they already resigned? Okulov, and on his daughter Okulov in Chit, his nephew was married, i.e. the son of his sister Ekaterina Ivanona, Alexey LatviaѣE Saltykovѣ. Therefore, Okuloz, regretting the relative of the old colonel, took him to his place, creating a doorman for his share. Afterwards, when the wave of revolution completely reached Chita, then Okulov was the daughter of EEA 11, brother-in-law and all relatives and relatives - they moved from Chita to E. Manchuria and discovered so little? Koenny factory. That with no one sent a regiment.) 3.I. PlyusNYNE - unjustly. And the son-in-law of Skulov moved: Saltykov A.A. BE Tianjin and the second son-in-law, Anѣ not a friend, BE Japan.I studied at the city schoolѣ, see: Oku, bad. Hosiness was at stake. This I conclude from the fact that if I am interested in any kind of subjects, then, after listening to the BE class, I immediately assimilate and repeat it without an excitement. For example, from arithinetics, the teacher will tell the new rule. Sami on this rule to pass on to the task. I’ll ask: “Who is good to understand, and may allhaattR,oneTІІ_______171_______repeat. "I go out to the board, repeat what was said; to ask a new task for the same example or rule - I immediately solve this problem with all the explanations. Thus, I have always had the CE metric of metrics from the first to last class Five. I was still interested in a little Russian history, I almost always had a four on this subject, and from the Law of God I had a four and a three. We didn’t particularly like all the lessons of the past. Priesthood vyatkѣ regento the choir / last there was a regent known throughout Vyaticham Nikanor.Lyubimov / when father Vasily Akigiev, having left the regency, was ordained a priest, they moved to Slobodskoy residency. the teacher was a teacher, and BE of the Khensk gymnasium taught the teacher only. The students were lying, and they were the classroom and played the skrilk, demanding that the students listen to the motives of the violin and sang. Once, for a lesson, Mikhail Vas. ilakhnev eat Delyanki, the sons of a match manufacturer, alone with 25 years old, bring with him to the classroom for nasty pictures, viewing “YOU have seven in advance.” And I sat in the back part, behind Vakhnev, at my request, he: gave me many of the pictures, but eat it so that after the lesson I could return it from everyone. I began to examine and unravel, attracting Qu to unraveling their neighbors to the right and to the left. We were so carried away that we forgot and five. Finally, Father Vasily. He comes to us and asks: "What are you looking at what letter?" I managed to put all the pictures in the chest pocket of my jacket. The teacher glanced at the desk - not to see anything and demanded: "Give me what you watched." I repay: "We have nothing," and all the students support, sayingPkeBUT_______172_______to assert that there was nothing. Father Vasily demanded that I enter through the desks and get into coal. It would have ended, but I rested: "I won’t go, I don’t blame anything." Then Father Vasiliy sent to follow the main teacher - the caretaker. YES. Sokolov b. The last - the newcomer, and Father Vasily to explain to him that I distracted the class with some kind of letter, and on the demand to show and stand in the coal - refused to obey. YES. Sokolov approached our party, offered to go to the middle of the class, looked at my side pockets and a bag, found nothing, and didn’t think to look into his chest pocket. He ordered me to take a bag and follow them. I brought my apartment into it, left it in the front. When all the lessons were over and all the students left and the teachers, they went out and said: “You can go home, but so that you can do something like this for class lessons”.. Of all the remaining items - twos and threes. In particular, I did not like the subjects that were asked to be taught at home, and the most difficult ones were given to me: Russian language, grammar and calligraphy; I suppose that no one in the class made as many grammatical errors as I did, in which I always beat the cord, and my notebook was always soiled with ink all the more. Every year before the exams I was given to a tutor for a month or a month and a half in subjects for which there were two, paying 50 kopecks for it. per hour, in general, From 25 rubles. up to 40 rub. annually spent on me for a pool of tutors. Russian | the language and compositions of many were not particularly given. In the preceding class, we were asked to write to each of us about our comrades in school, with whom you are sitting or playing together. I was then at the back of the party next to Pavel Mikhailovich the Simonovs._______173_______his house was on Naberezhnaya ulitsa / in the last house that was sold by Ivan to Alekseyevich Saltykov. I described that my school comrade, Pavel Simonov, was born in the village of Simonova and lived in a suburban neighborhood with his mother and sister, and he didn’t have a father, I sit in class next to him and in the evenings. I go to them to learn lessons and play. Having handed over the notebook in this homework, the next day the teacher, Dmitriy Aleksandrovich Sokolo vi, brought all the notebooks in class and, first and long, take mine: read aloud, criticizing the order of the presentation of thoughts, mistakes, and when the daughters are so far, where it is said that Pavel Simonov wouldn’t have a father, ask me: "What is it, the Holy Spirit, or something. be born." All the students laughed, I smiled. The teacher began to suggest to me how to write. Finally, they agreed that it was necessary to add that at that time Pavel Simono would already be a widow, for her husband would die when I did not already know a family with them, and so on. But nevertheless, did the teacher put three for this?Later, an essay was asked on the topic: Mind animals in general, and in particular, before it was discussed, as examples, that cats, dogs, and other animals get used to the house as owners. I’ve read you books of anthology, like a bear fell in love with a pasture - to carry copper and hive from a hive. A man with a bee raised a beehive on a tall tree, and below the hive suspended a log, tied the upper end of the log to the bitches of the tree, and the lower one hangs freely. When a bear approaches a tree - hear the smell of honey, climb on de roar, a log to him. Mәdvѣdѣ push paw off the log itself: climb further. The log will be pumped out of the jolt and now it’s hitting the head again, the bear is hot, pushing harder,t_______174_______and the log coming back faster, hits him hard on the head. and until that time the porosity continues until it is time to smash it yourself into the log of your head and fall dead. I made sure that I’m looking for this from the book with a permutation of words, but without E grammatical errors, and finally I will get the five for repair. On the next day, Dmitry Al. Sokolov, having come to class, again take out my work and open the book with an anthology, where "Medved and the log" is printed. Begins to read and criticize that you are asked to write, not write off books .. You even write off c. books could not how to follow and what to follow. The point is described, on the contrary, the insanity of the animal. Can't you really understand that nothing is smart enough, when it was so crazy that you even broke your head, wanting to get copper. But then, although I wrote it off from the book, I wrote a lot of grammatical errors and descriptions ". Put a few words. Then the essay" Fourth wedding customs "was asked, and all the students were asked to ask their home and describe in detail who heard the Mother of God. I began to ask at home from Nadezhda Ivanovna Khrnova. She is an old maid, the daughter of an official, said something about weddings to the official circle, but it seemed a little. By her advice, I contacted her roommate .Be her house, you are the lower floorѣ, in the 2nd p tin, lived a retired soldier, worked a little shoemaker and at the same time served as a firefighter, and his wife, Anna Andreevna Bѣlo Sludtseva, very lively, traded soap and butter and candles and matches at the bazaar in the winter, and went to villages and rural fairs. The garden shift was delivered, and she had a daughter who graduated from the gymnasium and served in the village as a season assistant for a teacher, each 10 rubles a month, at her own expense. At my request, Anna Andreyevna oncet_______175_______said a lot of wedding customs - peasant and bourgeois and the way of Matching through matchmaking and in person. I’ve all written down, I thought I’ve got a ten-sheet compilation, voluminous. I hoped that now I would get the best five, no one had such a detailed and varied description. To take away A. A. Sokolov, begin to read my essay onwards and criticize them, but they have already disregarded all the customs that I have described, which I have not heard of any other species. All the same, many were posed for this composition of the troika. I was glad of this, but I was very embittered by the teacher, conceive of it every time, first of all, read aloud and criticize more and more of my notebooks, and not the best and worst of me - never even read aloud. To put them at home is a five or a deuce, a letter and a concord, and for reading aloud, select 2-3, no more, and for some reason, almost always chose my notebook, So I couldn’t explain my special attention and criticism of my writings.When we studied at Slobodsky, then every 2 weeks, on Saturdays, we are. all were taken home, washed in a ban, and after that, they were taken away for 8 hours. mornings back - they had their first lesson, each in his own school. When I was already in the “last class”, then Easter before the exam, months 2-2 I / 2, we weren’t taken away from me before, but they asked Nad. Willow Khrnov, for an additional fee, every two weeks they gave us their heated bath. We were very upset about this and attributed this to the miserliness of Pavel Fed, believing that he would regret sending us two horses for us on Saturdays, and on mondays again two horses for transporting the nasa back to Slobodskaya. It turned out that there was a more thorough reason: there was a fundamental restructuring of the whole house. Ot Kamennago, vype: described the house, broke the cow yards and stables, and sazhen for 20........_______176_______they carried them inside the courtyard, placing parallel to the house, across the courtyard, a two-story wooden building, covered greenery and hanging in front of this building, and in the middle of the stone is a small hut for milking in winter with a cow and tea leaves. Smiling at one end for the case of horses for horses, and the second half + for a cow, and the overall sun oval is the length of the entire case. Stone house. it was built up on arshin, the cold sunshine was removed from the stone building, two attached porches were made to enter the house - the front porch with a terrace, stone, and the daily, black porch with two latrine closets - wooden. From the side of the plant, they made a stone extension on the second floor, 3 fenders in the length of the street and 5 s. in depth, i.e. the whole width of the house In this annex kѣ turned out three rooms. The streets are a large bedroom for Pavel Fed., And from the courtyard there is a large bedroom for troubles, Ora T. and in the middle, a little childish one. The former bedroom is Fed ora Tim. The closet was connected by a tea corridor. - left ol shaya, B2 windows in the courtyard, a bright dining room. The hall was slightly enlarged due to the anterior entrance to it, and the anterior one was made from the former porch and cold dreams. There still turned out a small room for 4 arsh. lengths and 4 widths facing the window. to the courtyard, waiting for a double porch. This room was designed by Stepan at Fed, during his marriage - that’s how he was to be connected. The living room was left without alteration. Downstairs, too, were completely redone: the former closet was transferred to the white kitchen for the landlord. From the former large working kitchen they threw it away - the kitchen stove was folded. in place of her a good Dutch oven, with hermetic shutters, and then a large bedroom came out for the family of Alexander Fedorovich. An office remained in his former bedroom, almost without alteration, only the kitchen stove was removed and the entrance to the office was passed through the white kitchen, i.e. through the former stone closet.І_______177_______The internal staircase was relocated, it was made from the white kitchen from the factory side, with a large dining room leading upstairs, and in the whole new annex the huge kitchen was made, I worked with 2 large stoves and a huge luggage box. E0 where, after 2 1/2 months of the last exam, we arrived home at. all summers, they were all pleasantly surprised and delighted that our house was the best in our village and the green roof under the iron, you were painted malachite. Then only we realized that it was not for nothing that they brought us home in vain.In the last class, I had a major incident: I was almost expelled from school a month before the exam. For Easter, all pupils will be dismissed for 2 weeks home, but most of the city workers on the last week of Great Lent come to the school, and from there, when they are a teacher or a law teacher, they go to church for all services, Great Thursday and Sunday are communicated. And living in a village or on Demyanka, they can go home on Sunday before Verbny Sunday, but after Easter, they should present their priest, with a church seal, to certify that he was in confession and with the Holy Communion. Otzzhzhayushchim are issued for the second quarter of the year the tabla la Saturday, and urban - on Great Thursday.On Saturday, after the end of the lesson, I went to the apartment of the teacher - Caretaker D.A. Sokolova get a vacation ticket and that linen. They'll go out to the front. I unfolded the report card; I look - three times two. I declare it rude to protest that the 3rd deuce was incorrectly conducted, I should have a triple or triple minus on this subject, for my reason niam, and the remaining two deuces should be correct, I am not protesting against it. Teacher silently beI have to keep my report card and go to my office. Apparently about_______178_______veril over the magazine, whether I protest correctly, and seeing that I am not. the right is to go out, give away the many timesheets, without saying anything - to leave. I unfolded - I see: the twos were all left on their place, and according to instructions, the five were crossed out in red ink and a four was set. I keep shouting to him to protest, but he, not paying attention, went into the office and shut the door, leaving me in the hall. I tore up the report card, crumpled it up and threw it at Paul BE in front, left, slamming the door. Come on Saturday for the week of blessing all home - and the girls, i.e. tѣ, which then studied at the Sloboda female gymnasium. Grandfather asked all the timesheets. Girls seemed to be, they are signatories, and I said that they didn’t give me out, I don’t know why. Keep silent for a day. On Great Thursday, he argues: “What are you, now you have not yet shouted.” - “Net.” - “So go, wash yourself in the bathhouse and the evening of Om. Vasily Efremovich tell us to go to work after the work of the dock. You need to eat with him, and you will live with him before Easter, Friday and Saturday, you will pray with their family and communions, and BY Easter we will pass, I’m going to have a good time with us and go back home. I asked if I could get a trowel, I couldn’t reach me for seven miles. I’ll say, “Log and walk the road, it’s impossible for 2-3 days on horseback. Ride, only on foot. to walk. For V.E. ukovym your wife didn’t miss, then go to the peshkom. You will come with him, and I, at his side, so as not to be in a hurry, quietly come. You’ll get tired, so sit on the way to the village, by the way, do not be sure the priest wants to ask for a seal for the school. I had to obey without further discussion. After Easter, they brought us all to the schools.I appeared PE class in my place, sat down. To enter the teachings of D. A. Sokolov, everyone stood up to greet, and he stood beside the pulpit._______179_______He told everyone to sit down, we all sat down. Call me: 2Petri Wahru Chevy. "I get up." Saturday before Palm. On Sunday I’ve got apartments in the front - that you’re up to it. ”I boldly dismissed:“ That linen. ”“ “Why.” - “The third two were incorrectly taken out, I started to prove, and you sent the majority of the E from five to four” He rejects: “For your similar trick, after your departure I sent to two.” We are both silent. We will see him only that I will guess and apologize, but I didn’t guess. Then they said: “Well, sit down. Know that you will not finish the course now, and if you do not finish it anymore, like a three-way behavior. "I again silently left. Approximately a month before Easter I wrote a letter to Moscow to my parents. / Then they lived in Moscow /. Having seen a small pocket watch from one of his E students, it seems that NM Makhnev / his father gave it to me on my name day /, I really wanted to have this watch. I’ve tried to write that Nadezhda has got a wall clock and clock, do not go, I am late sometimes to class., and for this I can exclude: buy - drink many small pocket watches and hurry up, because you have to be carefully in class before the exams. My father, during trade correspondence, sent my letter to Dudushka to find out what the chapel of Khrnova had gone bad for and why. After the week after Easter, you will thank Pavel Fed. at the Slobodskaya BE market bazaar and tell him: “Go to the apartment for the children, the narrow home of Nadezhda Iv. what Petya writes - is it right to schedule the hours? And by the way, go to the teacher’s school - ask how he studies and why he wasn’t given the report card for Easter *. Everything was revealed. Nadezhda Iv. she was even offended that she had never spoiled her watch and walked carefully; she checked weekly when she beat the clock on the Cathedral bell tower. I had to admit that I lied in order to convince my parents. Buy and send many hours. The strength of N.I. Khrnova was forgiven.g*. 2stE .._______180_______Come eat Ilavlon Fed. cd A. Sokolov. They kindly accepted, invited him into the living room to the table and told Pavel all the time. As the last, start to get me through, and even threatened: if you come to mine, so fuck you up. Ask now for an apology from D. A. I am - tears, and please forgive. And Pavel F., forgive me, ask him to forgive me - and simplify my stupid trick and rudeness and, basically, as in previous years, rehearse the exam before preparation and prepare so that I can finish the course. My father is in Moscow, and the grandmother worries that parents will be able to rattle, that without them no one would want to take care of their children, Finally, D.A. Sokolov surrendered and said that at first they wanted to keep living. Schools were on About the council, and the Council decided to expel me from school, but this scandal didn’t go to the District Inspector, and so far I limited myself to a deduction for behavior. "But with your perseverance and in view of the motive given, I’m ready to Tim., I’m ready to respect his request. It’s easy to prepare Peter, they are very able to do it, just explain and play. Please, let me do it, but let it be monitors, as they appear in classes, immediately, as if on their own initiative, while present and all students will apologize to me. " Іјавель Фед. ask me: "Heard you, and promise to be sorry." I immediately talked - and stopped crying. On Monday, when Dr. A. Sokolov arrived in class, after invitations they told the students to sit down, I remained standing - and he was worth the edict. I appeal: “D.A., I apologize to you for not correctly protesting the withdrawn two-fold, rude to you, tore the time sheet and BE the last weekly add-on BNo, along with a sincere apology, tried to prove my point, hurt Vasya. I apologize - I won’t do that anymore.t thatone.oneE.._______181_______ do. "Then D.A. expressed in general terms on learning and edification. For all that you need to understand your comrades, take good printers one from the other, and if you get along, then I’ll be cheated mother and try to repent and improve. If you sincerely decided to improve, it’s good, and I will be glad that the school will be able to wean you from bad habits and let you out as a good citizen. Indeed, for a month I go in the evenings: every day A. Sokolov is about two hours away, and exams. All аль s al good. But since the annual if I had one conclusion from Amtka for some things, I had two points, then BE You will accelerate the testimonies of you only in the arithmetic of the five, 110 of the Russian history four, and for all other subjects all three and finally the behavior of the four. But me then It didn’t worry much and wasn’t particularly happy, because I didn’t attach any diploma to any significance, although I knew that if I had to go to the soldiers, then without a. , service in soldiers only 3 years. But since I’m the only sons of my parents, I received a privilege of the 1st category - I won’t take the soldiers at all. Also with a certificate. At a state school rumor for length of service, you have the right to official production with the exit from the peasant class and to award orders. I heard all this then, but I’ve been so crazy that I don’t go to officials, I didn’t dream about orders, but a peasant. - as a factory owner or a merchant, he believed that one could be almost illiterate, for I saw examples on parents and children that they could live without E atte and became breeders from the earthmen. Of course, the last time I learned that all of my views were childishly naive and stupid and very soon regretted it. When I was still in townNOTtfrom-_______182_______schools, I once accidentally heard how Ivan Timofeev told my father to transfer me to Vyatka to gymnasium, proving that having learned the gymnastics, it would be much more useful than to thank the city of Slobodskoy school for a long time. I was sometimes interested in this, but mainly, the gymnasium uniform of CE with silver buttons and a cap with a coat of arms and letters, but fathermy said that it was not suitable for us, it cost a lot and for a long time: to study 8 or 10, not to dissipate the child. I fully agreed that indeed, it’s 8 years to study for a long time, while after 2-3 years I will get a certificate and I can drop all the books and notebooks. I’ll leave the stove: quite about: ѣ I’ve been taught to eat, I’ll go for a walk at home and don’t to give, only to dispose of the workers. He finished the chickens in 1885. Come home, believe that everyone will look at me as if I were a great student with a certificate. {oh rendered. The axis is nothing special, as the troubles relate to Stepan., And so on, but he did not want to send the materials to take, work to call, or go to the city and so on, perhaps even Stepan was considered to be experienced, older, given some work or assignment to Stepan her preference. I glanced, one connector разъ had to go to Vyatka, in mutual credit ѣ to take into account the bill. Utrolya E, often BE E 5, was sent by a worker on horseback with a letterѣ, they called Anempodist Gerkasievich (Fofonov from E of the Kharensk village to sign a bill for re-counting. Clock 7 a.m. woke me up / step as Stepan was not at home, so I wrote a bill of 6400 rubles., for the sample they gave the old bill, correcting it with a pencil, dates. They showed how to write a new one. The grandfather said: "At the bottom of the office desk, on the average there is a box of opening booksѣ there are blank bill forms Take leaves costing 7 p. 80 k., And foratPiFrE_______183_______four.I’ll take your time and don’t be mistaken for this sample, because you can’t get smuggled into bills of exchange. ”I went down, found matching paper, even two sheets. I wrote ten on one nominee, planted it on Blot. What to do. I’m afraid to show it, I’m scolding. They took the second leaf in 7 p. 80 K. Let’s write on it, worse, missed the whole line and put Klyaksa again. I see - you can’t continue, if you missed the line, the bill should not go out. I took again the first - if STI, let's add it, pain For over an hour I was busy and sweating. But, reluctantly, hiding my heart, weep the bill of exchange KE dud unіkѣ. It turns off and says: “Well, new scribe, you wrote something for a long time, really: Oh, well written.” my fingers and nose were stained with ink, he asks: “What are you talking about, I didn’t write with your nose.” I will silently file a bill. Why: you are ink stains on the bill. Nasaddil, all the same it would seem to be a dirty document to appear in the bank. Go, look for BOOK Books, there, it seems, the 2nd leaf was at the same price, write again: I went and said: "% s'ї, there is not a single leaf more." Dod on the shel samt, searching, was convinced that there was nothing, he was tearing up that he was mistaken, see, you’ve used up early. Sent to run to Brother Parfen, please. Borrow bill leaves of 7 rubles. 80 K. Parfen Tim. not turned out. Is it time to use this bill of exchange dirty. Checked on the draft: text Rilna. A.G. Bobonov was signed and grandfather shook Vyatka, I go all day and I think that God give, if you shouldn’t pass it, don’t pass the bill - it’s bad, the baby will curse more, be angry. In the evening, they returned to mine, who had run away to E 'backwaters, to see, see, that I was in the valley. Pos Bi a-- eat behind the knee, I go and fear; I see that I’m not very angry, say:E:Eat2._______184_______"at"Well, sit down, a learned clerk, drink tea. Happiness is yours; you just have to talk to each other, asked what it was Vasya, Fedor Tim., Got a new clerk, using his pen or he writes with his fingers: I said, that grandson, just left school, and the first century sel 1msal was probably afraid not to spoil it, it would be dirty. If you can, reconcile it, I can’t bring it a new bill, I’m asking your accountant to write, I’m transferring to Bakharevo. , he’ll sign it, and I’ll bring it again tomorrow. But in the bank, all right - put the texts, they see and - everything is right They said: okay, get down and eat this one. Razyya: E Your grandson wrote and the first pancakes went out lumpy, then go far in this industry, only you should not write him a bill on valuable bill paper right away. write his 5-IO bills on plain paperѣ, make sure you write correctly, then give the bill paper.Now I see that I blame myself, forced you, the child, and even in the morning, talking about sleepyhead, to write on the current expensive paper bagѣ , God almost punished me on 7 p. 80 K. "/ I keep silent that the second sheetѣ and spoiling / and I rejoice, h then God rush through the storm. Then, each time, how to write a bill, first make me write a bill on plain paper the night before, check it, and then give me valuable bill paper, and keep the bill paper in a locked chest with money. In the same autumn Stepan troubles. was getting angry. In September, a month, and in ok, he had to go to the Perm province, and to Okhansky district to rural fairs, called the area * Siva ", where he had to go 2: 3 years ago. at the request of his father, like olny, and Vos Doskvu uhal Pavel Fedorovich. Immediately after the wedding, Fedorn Timo did not want to send Stepan the young wife. It was decided to send me 15 I / 2 years to send Vasily Parfenovich.no.a.E.Nі._______185_______riding horses, a sheepskin sheepskin coat and the same kind of tulip, having your own cat / big sled — couches, on broken horses, we went through Glazov to Siva in the Perm province 10. After a day we went through the eye, stopped at Matvya. eyes skago homeowner - merchant. The pillar was relatives of Vasily Parfenovich. For Matviy Ivanovich Stolbov, was born from the village of Stolbovskoy, after the death of his mother, with his brother. Yakovo, you left the city. Glazov and Tam began to trade little by little, gradually developed the business and took them around the house. Their father, remaining in the village, married a second time, he again had children: Dya Ytriy, Ivan and Ilya Ivanovich, and daughter Elena Ivanovna. This one is Elena Yves. and was extradited for Vasiliy Parfenovich, i.e. Glazovskogo’s niece of merchant Stolbova. Then the first time I saw. Dagvya Eve. His forehead’s style didn’t have legs, he couldn’t walk, and he was worn by Ol’s a peasant, his clerk who came with him. and ћzdil even VE Vyatka.Matvey Ev. The pillar was without legs, but the whole trading business and accounting itself too. From everywhere on all his goods there were reference prices. His office was in the Lower Floor - below the gate. Z set. B. 4-5 hours. in the morning, send to the bazaar prikchik Obe, indicate what and how much to wrap, but each product, as an example: rye, oats, linseed, tow, bring samples from us, and skin, like bring to the courtyard, look through the window, after that, weigh and he will pay off the seller and indicate, what kind of ambassador to put together, write down everything yourself. Although he himself would have been happy to have val barn, but E knew everything from books and where to lie. When we arrived at him, he, knowing that we were in charge of 10 purchases of raw materials, suggested that he had a part for him in 2000 skin. Basil i ParE:2.FROM._______186_______Fenovich examined and instructed me how to look, and quickly bargained. iloѣhali further. On Sivѣ we lived a month, buy or another thousand three skins, returned home at the end of November.The grandfather received the Father of Paul. a letter from Moscow asking whether it would be possible to send the boy 15-16 years of age for help, at least by telegraph and by mail, and sit in the warehouse at the door when you have to go on the road to the Ehotny Row. K. Buyers or you bank.At this time, Parfen Tim. Being at home, Andrei Parfenovich E. Then the abalone is Fedor Tim. Fsh el brother Brother Parfen consult and show a letter. They asked a lot of Andrei Parf. , the last confirmed that indeed, one is not very convenient. To hire the Kokorev artel every time, they take, if for 1-2 hours, then for a ruble for an hour, and if for the whole day, then 40 or 50 kopecks. This is very unprofitable. Old people decided, it is better to send their own from home. Fedor T. was asked to send me, and Andrei 11. was invited to send his cousin Alexander Mikh. Prozorova, also 16 years old. Quickly, did the crochets have a new blackened sheepskin short fur coat, new high boots, and pid yaachex. bloomers, gave for the road a large father’s sheepskin coat and large boots with specks. The numbers of December 10 are pohaly Andrey Parf. my wife and I were wearing my big қoshevѣ ’on variable horses, and they put them to the place of 16 little Sava Prozorov, and they put me in the 2nd koshova s. Aleksem Vasilyevicha breeder from the village of Gorskaya Rochka / and a bi-file. Andreevich: Kropachev, 3 people each with cats for a couple of horses, so that it would be beneficial for every person, because 5 pairs of miles were driven to pairs of horses, and 7 1/2 to. Before VyatkaRT"_______187_______angry at their horses; from E Vyatka carry the coachman in pairsӣ, but reluctantly, along the Moscow highway. They deferred I or 2 articles and, there, the coachmen categorically stated that you shouldn’t be lucky enough to take couples, take two or three pairs. We consulted - we decided to submit. Sasha Prozorov was planted with. Mikhail Andreevich. Kropachev. on the third couple, left A.G. Blosludtsev. Through the second day, Nizhny Novgorod was located. Sled left on a friend. in the courtyardѣ, then ѣ drive to Moscow on the railroadѣ in the 3rd classѣ. I and Sasha Prozorov, having not seen the railroad and the train station with great curiosity and admiration, looked at everything, so everything seemed convenient and elegant. Particularly, when you looked through the door to the hall of the 1st class, the cat was injured. Hanging chandeliers, large tablecloths on tables, appliances, and curtains on the windows, a lot of bottles with wines and all kinds of dishes and dishes are on display, the anamis said that the stations are much better on Sunday, compared to Noskovskiy stations - this is the Nizhny Novgorod station . We decided that as will be free time, during the holidays it will be obligatory to go to inspect all stations, hoping that in Voskva it is better to have a station and there is nothing to see. It turned out, indeed, that Moscow stations are better than Nizhny Novgorod, but we have never been to watch them - far, but in two there are three more interesting things to do, apart from the stations.The second thing that attracted our attention BE Moscow is the con. ka. Rails were laid all over Moscow, in different directions, and along it a pair of horses harnessed by drawbar to carry this 2-floor car, and below and on the roof, passengers would sit two rows down. And another one or two should be harnessed uphill couples on six horses, very fast, drag the carriage uphill. We decided that this was already so big.tІ1 txt_______188_______a cat, which can only be in large metropolitan cities, like Vіoskva, but it’s already difficult for our Vyatka to compete for that squad, and never to see such a magnificent horse in Vyatka. If we will have money, then we will separate by IT on a horse for this Mo-well, by the way and look around the whole Eloskva. Soon we needed these trails, because I had to go every week to the Smolensky and Kursk merchandise terminals for information and to receive cash on delivery for the goods we sell to the south: Russia. Traveling to konkah were cheap, they sent us to konkah, but time was wasted for 3-4 hours. In the last cones gradually over the entire 21st well began to be replaced by electric trams.On the very first holiday, we went to usher in the temples of Christ the Savior, you are the next holiday. - Assumption and Arkhangelsk cathedrals and the rest of the Kremlin church. They climbed to the top of the bell-tower ва Willow in Velikago, admired the belfry from above on the whole oskva. They went around the Tsar Bell and Tsar llushka, measured the broken edge of the stake - stake to visually determine the thickness. Impressed mass, and one another is better. As soon as you go out onto the street near Kokorevskoye farmsteads - there are a lot of oshvoshchiksѣ, on goodках horses and in the prolet. Invite everyone: Barin - Your Degree, Your deed, please give me a favor for two-handed Ilyinka. We are amazed at how kindly courteous BE BE Lio well and know everything, call whom Stephen. living, and whom living, and whom simply Barin. Most of all we liked the upper malls, against the flint: Rizenkie old, clumsy to see, but inside such a mass of goods and everything is laid out in plain sight, and the people are always so mass that it is difficult to go through. But the appendages seemed very polite to us, too, and they bragged about each other’s hands, and everybody drags and tells othersfromone_______189_______to praise that they have the best, the mass has been exhibited for all the ladies of different sweets, and there are peddlers walking around, selling sweets and sbiten, hot pies with jam, or slices of pressed poppy seeds and so on, eyes open wide, you don’t know where and by See, just heaven on earth. These ranks were called Knife Line, and it was rumored that they would soon be breaking and building new ones due to dilapidation; we didn’t lie, it’s possible to break such a luxury, and where not only goods will be removed. It turned out a year later broke. Around the edge, from Spasskikh to Nikolsky, the gate was temporarily lined with shops, rows 3 or 4, and on the site of Nokhovaya lily there were lined up or huge 4-storey beautiful stone rows with wide aisles, mirrored windows, compatible with European, and temporary not the right ones later moved to Bolotnaya Square under the shops: Vegetables and fruits. All of this was done in our country, in the course of 3-4 years. But we have already changed our hearts, become European and everything, even the best, began to surprise us less and did not arouse admiration at all, and it seemed funny that we had earlier admired them, like, for example: Stations, Konka and Knife Line.During the first year of our visit to Moscow, we went to the oil midsection with the whole family to watch the booths with comedians, the walking audience and Muscovites riding big fox sheepskin, sable hat, troika, parakh and Odintsali, all around. To Nam, who were never former village boys, all this seemed very chic and interesting .. In the evening, on Pancake Sunday, Andrei Parfeno and his wife drove the arena for a festivities and took me with them. There already I was completely defeated by Roscoti 50 and the riches of the public, music and artists on an open stage долго, for a long time I still had the couplet-harmonist Nevsky, the alphabet_______190_______sing the harmonic, you couplet: "When it was the first time, letters are changed to az. Letters: Lady, lady, madam lady. When they gave the book in hand, I learned the beeches. Song. How to give me a lot of money, then I will learn enter. ” And so far, like nonsense, but the audience went on a rampage, applauded him, for the first time in my life and applauded with great pleasure.. Come my way to Moscow, of course, provided for Fedorom Tim. With commercial and economic considerations, since I, as a young boy, still benefit from the factory, I don’t need to take me big, but to Moscow, to hire someone else’s boy, they thought it was more profitable to send me, because they avoided the cost of hiring. And at the same time, I will be able to get used to the matter, and not run to play pranks, Pavel Fed. I didn’t smoke, thanks to this I didn’t learn to smoke. Housed in Moscow Pavel Fed. and Andrei Parfenovich in one common apartment ѣ 4 rooms and a kitchen, in the ѣ house ’of the Sophia Church, in the courtyard behind the church, next to. Kokorevsky Compound. Pavel Fed. With 3 small children from 3 to 10 years old, they occupied a small bedroom between the kitchen and the dining room. There he stood with a double bed, and three children became on the floor on felt. The youngest children of Pavel Fed. In this apartment there was a misfortune: his sons, Alexey, and according to his childhood, they called him Lenya, who played in the backyard. The deacon’s children and daughter of Andrei Parfe novi cha, Claudius. The eldest all the apartments were sitting at a table and drinking tea. Smiling backstairs, and then through the kitchen, run to children and shout as you go: "Uncle, yours. Lenya fell into the toilet hole and sweat zero." Pavel Fed. I was not taken aback, immediately ran to the back yard, right to this pit, got on my knees, bent down, with my hand I was liquid and caught my son, standing there on my foot, by the arm, pulled out,_______191_______go upstairs. All of them were torn off, doused with water, caused vomiting and were discharged, did not have time to completely choke.Andrey Parf. sleeping with his wife in the attic roomѣ, and daughter 3. Lѣt, Klavdiya, on the floor there is their bedroomѣ. There you are in the attic. The second room served as an office or office in for trading, but not the last when Andrey Parf appeared. The 2nd and 3rd daughters then took a nanny - an old woman who was accommodating with babies in the wrong office. I, Sasha Prozorov, and having lodged a room with us, like an overwhelming ruble per day, Mikhail Andreevichi Kro pachev, slept in the attic, in the corridor, on the floor, on felt felt, all three rows, but from the window it blew and it was cold; then downstairs, in the hallway of the corridor, they arranged for us. raise the ceiling of the steps, into the arshins of the heights, so you can’t stand on the dress, but you can sit and lie down freely. We crawled at half-time at three on a temporary hitch-ladder, and on the four at night already crawled along the felt to the pillows on the felt; to sleep on flights was already warm, but stuffy. We slept in the corridor of the stairs during the summer, I’m on the side of the barrier, BE narrow - less arshina - the corridor, where more than one is not; and Sasha Prozorov slept on the upper platform of the street, against two. ri in prihoyauk. The general public considered this comfort, as if separate accommodation and not so. stuffy, like in the dark. They had dinner and tea, all of you shared a common small dining room, which, with great difficulties, could accommodate 10-12 people. The cow meat was then vi Moskvѣ 15-18 kopecks. per pound, veal 20-25 kopecks. per pound, and you Vyat. kѣ losing meat was procured in bulk. 3-3 1/2 kopecks per pound, and calf tina 4-5 kopecks. per pound. Therefore, we are all in Moscow, then Flea is just my soup and meat, and on the second - fried potatoes on lamb and calves whose salads, and on the third - a glass of milk or, sometimes, porridge for milk.;_______192_______Be that time off. There were no vyatka railways, goods were sent along our first winter route to Moscow for moth for 1 ruble each, to Moscow horses, the cart drivers sent to Moscow before Christmas, CE sent them 2 or 4 frozen ice cream to calve , and we already at Christmas before the Shrovetide ate veal and potatoes, and again stand fish and potatoes. By the way, Vyatka carters, having handed over our leather goods to us. Moscow, they made arrangements from Moscow to bring manufactories and other Moscow goods to the Irbit Fair, according to I.50 c. Of service, they recognized Irbit as the 10th feud or the 10th in Irbit, and they shuffled to carry the Irbit, the same carriages again ѣ Vyatka to breeders: raw materials for leather, sheepskin, protein, tea, nuts, fish and more, a penny for 50 or 60 seconds. puda. They returned you to Vyatka to the factories of March I-10. Thus, having passed. З мѣся Ца, having earned 75 or 80 rubles. per horse / as there were 3 or 4 horses for each coachman, then a man with horses Zara Batyval from 225 to 300 rubles. for the winter /, I thought it was very good for me, because I need to feed 150 or 200 rubles to the losh - dey and myself, and I’ll bring a hundred rubles home to file for other household expenses, and most importantly, the horses fed him winter, and the domestic food remained in economy and went for sale, and the horses were saved for the summer work. The conduction of the Perm-Kotlas railroad in the year I 900 and the conduction of the road from Vyatka through. Vologda to St. Petersburg and Vologda through Yaroslavl to Moscow in 190I, all these deliveries by horses were liquidated. Iz Vyat - Ki vei Maskva and from Moscow to Irbit and vice versa, everything went along the railways - it may not be cheaper, but much faster and more convenient. But personally, in the course of ten years, i.e. to the railways, I had to use shipments from Vyatka to Moscow and from E Irbit to factories in the Vyatka governorate,E,toDE_______193_______". Napa trade, from both factories, was on Kokorevsky yard by yard, in one common storeroom? 5. My and Sali Prozorova’s duty, after drinking morning tea, went to Kokorevka, unlocked the warehouse, picked up the scattered goods, put them in, put them in the warehouse, if necessary, sort out, rub the goods and sort them, especially cut ones, and if there was nothing to do , then one has to stay on duty, wait for buyers or have a carriage with goods and sit reading the Moscow leaflet, BE of which we especially liked to read the feuilleton about the robber Churkin. The second trick, having freed myself after cleaning and sorting, had to go home to the office, to rewrite a draft letter or a telegram prepared if Pavel Fed., Then I go and rewrite, and if Andrei. Parth., Then Sasha Prozorovѣ to rewrite. Then take it to the post office or telegraph office, and on the way, hours II – II I / 2 go through the charge, buy a loaf of rye bread to be bought only on holidays. Pavel troubles. and Andrei Parf. they didn’t sit in the pantry at all times, but went to wholesalers to offer the goods, and they came with them or their clerks to the warehouse in Koko - Revk to show this goods. After inspection, they would go to Goryunov tavern near the Moskvoretskago bridge to drink tea and bargain. For all Muscovites-merchants of all kinds of wholesale sales end up in a pub over teaѣ. At first, they didn’t take me with them, but after 6-9 months they took me with them, so that I would get used to how to go to offer customers, and how to bargain in a tavern. / For tea, the Doubri Kenna must always and everywhere ѣ pay sellers /. While the older tavern уются bargains for tea, the boys at hand are obliged to clean up the warehouse at that time, those. displayed comrade, or again pack BE Tukes, or_______194_______3at least put in packs without tying with a rope. If the sale of the inn took place, it is older to come to the warehouse, inform. Our responsibility is to run after the house-keeper and keep it clear, while the pilots pull everything out and load it onto carts, count the bales, draw the invoice and go inside the house and go to the Okhotny Ryad with the invoice; enter the warehouse at the buyer. from. Their bribe-taker to weigh all that. Take a receipt of the clerk with a verified check. Having come to mine, make an account, write everything in the sales book, showing. the account to the elders and by their order demolish the account the buyer on the next day. The buyer sometimes immediately pay money if the amount is small, and if it is large, or sale on bills, then the buyer say: "Leave the account, and after a week your" uncle himself let him go. " If the retail sale of flap I and 2 coolers, i.e. 50-100 rubles ;, this has already been provided to our full order. That is, we boys, who are on duty in the pantry, are obliged to show the shoemaker or reseller to the Jew who came to the warehouse, asking the Jew for the flap, declare the established price. / Only one cooler was not sold, and asking for the higher price was not allowed. If the buyer agrees to take at the declared price, then we must immediately sew the flap shown on the coupon, check the whole shown with the inscription: on the coupon, draw up an account for him, get the money and pull out the basement clutch flap to the upstairs courtyard, to the bridge, and then the retail buyer himself will call the supplier, load him and at his own expense take him to the workshop. This work for us, 16 years old, was at first very difficult, for coolies were not less than five hours, we could not bear it alone, and therefore we rolled out on the stairsg..5_______195_______together, and then with great difficulty; but after a year or two, they were already used to it and began to take out one by one.In spring, they called me home on the last winter path, because my dad was already very sick and lay in bed, and in the spring, during a wash on spring water, it was considered necessary to have an extra eye. From half of April to half of May, I was put at a wool-wash at the house. S. 4 hour. in the morning you had to go to the river, to your rafts, to call two girls ears to work for yourself, then to walk between logs from one bank to another, to see if the wool was washed well and remind you not to forget to remember in time; in the evening, it was my duty to write a shortcut for each girl, she worked all day, or 2 or I lead, that is, the day was divided into three parts: p. 4ҳ up to 7 1/2. before breakfast I-up., p. 8 I / 2 to 12 hours., I.e. before dinner the 2nd upad, after dinner up to the 2nd hour: all had a rest - slept, from 2 to 7 - the third upovod. Some people sometimes came to eat breakfast or lunch, because they had E and recorded by reason. Word days on the same label were marked on the 2nd and 3rd day and so on. Until Saturday, they would give up all the pre-donation an hour earlier, and those who bark later would all be given a weekly fee, but some would accumulate until the end of all the washes, for 2-4 weeks, in order not to store money during all, especially from distant villages that came to Vavody for daily income of verst for 20-30. For them, at the factories, a large barracks with bunks were arranged, men of 200-300, especially female. They slept and spent the night and 9 breathed during the rounds, and near I-2 versts they went home every night in the evening. Of the last number there were also those who received the money daily, we were obliged to satisfy without delaybovaniya. At that time, there were only 20 copecks female partners. in a dayP4.10..fourF._______196_______on their own food, but only kvass bread household, and even those who wish would be the mass and cherished this work. As a result, when the plants of all Vakhrushevs increased, there were a lot of wool in the spring, then all four of the Vakhrushevs' firms worked in the spring to wash up 2,000 women and women, and there was no shortage of labor, but the payment was gradually increased. CE 20 on 30, 40 K. and reached the ruble.At the end of the wash at the end of the Day, I was commander in Slobodskaya at the mill of Afanasy Titov, for the purchase of willow bark, as a specialist, the factory master, Mikhail Ilyich Zhilin, was sent with me, because the factory was cut short they are free /, ay - as the representative-owner of the company and the cashier. The bark was bought raw 20 K. pood, and dried up to 60 K. pood. For a whole month we lived there every year at Titov. The accumulated bark remained until the winter of the Titov's large storehousesѣ. BE flowing slowly, autumn and zina gradually A.N. Type it at its water pusher and pushed it daily by carriers, with an invoice, fromsent us to the factoryѣ. This trip by us, young people, liked - it made it easy, with money, without a constant old man’s control, but on the contrary, you go to the senior and to the city and to the river and with your horse, so you have the pleasure of swimming and riding a horse, etc. , as if to a summer residence. After the windows of the Chaniya purchase of faith, at the end of the first month, the ship sent me a reminder to Moscow in aid to Paul Pavel. They took a lot of tickets of the 2nd class to the steamboat и, and just at that time I went to Moscow Slobodskoy merchant manufactory, 21khail Vasilyevich Zyablov. They asked him to look after me and help, that I could not san. curl. I arrived well, without any adventures. Thanking.•N_______197_______. . . . !!! Zyablova at the company, in оск Noskv ѣ took a coachman, alone, with baggage. He got to the apartment, already as if he had been experienced - an experienced businessman. During this year, changes took place in Moskovsky dula. Pavel Fed. With Andreiil Parf., representatives of two different factories, they traded in one warehouseѣ, kept general accounting and a common cash register, living HER about Other apartmentsѣ, dividing the expenses in half. By the end of the reporting year, they began to count and make reports to each of their plants. In general, there were revenue shortages of up to 1,600 rubles. In the course of the same year, the checkout was checked out weekly — come with a dawn. the houses converged, the shortage did not happen, and the ballroom did not converge. We hired an incoming accountant, he was transported a month, took a hundred rubles for this and did not do anything, he only confirmed that there was not enough revenue. ki 1600 rubles. It is assumed that either twice the sale of one item is recorded for this amount, or the sale of the item is recorded, and the income account is not entered in the Record Book. So both reports were presented to parents, explaining that they were talking together, they kept books together in a simplified, home way, both cash registers, they had no doubts about each other. There were no strangers at the cash desk, but money was gone. Apparently, we are both illiterate, bookkeepers don’t know what confused both vistas, but how to be further away — we left our parents to solve the problem. Guy and hip Tim. They consulted, and decided that it was necessary to take in Moscow real clerks who knew accounting, and for this, they couldn’t even fit in one apartment. Everyone will have to have their own apartment and warehouse in Kokorevka.At the same time, it turned out that Par Fphen and Fedor Tim worked at the factories. hoods sent to Moscow are not sold. The product is benign, but the carelessly, hastily andT!Tyi 12tothat_______198_______do not stretch, do not iron and do not smoothly paint. Competitors !! about skovskіe posadniki trade in the worst quality, good, stretched, but beautiful outside from the village and more expensive than ours, but it’s cheaper but not for sale. Then they wrote home to both factories to stop cutting, and for a little, do not give hoods, but cut out to send. For it is necessary to stay all over again in Moscow again. Did you hire an apartment specially for the landing workshop on Bolotnaya Square in the back yard, in the working quarter? They hired the lander Vasiliy Ivanovich Bulov, at the same time, i.e. paying him the couples, and on the other hand, he hired workers and bought paint and materials. From warehouses let him go on Monday. 200-300 pairs, and then more. HER Saturday, after lunch, I went to the workshop, looked at each couple, took it, and if I didn’t have time to finish on Saturday, I continued to pity the reception and Sunday; sometimes all day. Then again, the Sdelanny product began to be sold. We calculated the cost of homework and the addition for re-delivery at 11klsv. It turns out one and a half times more expensive, what to do immediately at 14oskvѣ. Deleted home. Little Fyodor Tim. I decided that I would have to work on extracting it for another year or two. Before the well, raise your own observations, and for cutting the skin, take I or 2 cutters from your house. And Partheny Tig. I decided to finish what was cut, to touch the old hood and do not do it anymore. Selling skin and skin.Having received such an order from home, II-Fed. together with me went near Kokorevskoy farmstead to look for an apartment for the workshop and for myself - for housing. Soon E. ati ready to build a fathom of fathoms at 25. Downstairs to occupy the workshop and only one storeroom below is empty, and the top is empty and not only has not been removed, no window, no doors, no fence. This house was between16: P. ON5.:-_______199_______by the Korean farmstead and the Shamshurin’s shops at the Chugunnago bridge to the yardѣ. Entrance from the alley, in the backs of the Shamsh urinsky shops. Belonged to the Moscow merchant Nazarov. When you reach, in the 2nd building - Gilles governing. I quickly agreed on no matter what theyimmediately, according to our plan, I gave away half of the building for workshop 15, and the remaining 10 saken for apartment in the room with a kitchen, front and black foxes and a lavish cheap detachment with thin bulkheads. The workshop has a separate walk, one end, and the middle staircase that served the kitchen - you can also go through it and close. The apartment in the workshop was connected by an internal passage. Six months later, the apartment and the workshop were ready, by that time cutter Anton Anisimovich Nosov was sent home from the factory with his wife. They began to cut their skins and command the issuance of a private landowner and take the art of a hood, and his wife was a cook. The same tosadchika Vasily Iv. Bulova was transferred from the Workshop of the SE Bolotnaya Square to this new apartment, and the work of the hoods was completed 011. We worked for about a year. In the fall prichal Hit in Moscow by Ilya Tim. his son Nikolay Ilyich with his young wife. First we stopped in the rear building of the Coco Revolutionary Compound, until the apartment was searched for. Nothing 11 Really found. Pavel Fed. It was suggested that they rent out two rooms and an entrance hall, and use the common kitchen. They quickly agreed on “conditions”; they moved to us and with them you showed their qualities as their freeloader, their cousin, pub-ochchinny for the driver, Alexander Grigoryevich Mironoz, 18 years old. I made friends with ETIKA Mironov, walked on holidays, and the first time I was with him. starred on a photographic card. Pavel Fed. CE wife and the whole family, at the request of Fedor Tim., Drove home. ThenHh dielR,_______200_______where am I, Antony Anis. But the community, already remained as the main, from the owner of the land. Christmas Merry Pavel Fed. He returned with his family to Voskva, and my grandfather, for some reason, demanded home. I and by ѣhal vnstѣ sal.Gr. Vironov V. go Bno. The Sloboda breeder Vasily Ipatovich Bakulev sent to give his father three hundred rubles. I’m going home for half a day. late what was supposed to sweatI believe that on the first day of Christmas Vyak stopped, went to church, defended everyday life. Then they stopped by Nironov to leave a companion for travel. They won there and drank tea. When I was home, by the evening, and there Bakulev’s father was half a day sitting, don’t give me money. Bcѣ worried - where am I missing. The next day, the little girl pohal BE Spassky village of K obdnѣ. Denya took it with | battle, to say that I’ll save Bakulev’s salvation there and give him the money. After communion, from the village of Spasskago, we drove to the Gorskaya River, ITS gosvik Pavel Vas. Rylov, and then they called us ranks of the ranks to Fedor Grig. Rydov. There are also such guests - Bakulevѣ, Ipatiev and Sal TEkov Pyotr Aleksѣevich with his wife and sister-groom. There are many hints that I should look carefully and get to know the empty. even my grandfather, I see that he doesn’t keep his toneѣ. But none of this is ENI lo. The money was handed over to Bakulev and left for home by evening. After Krekenі they sent Stepan Fed to Kosva. with his wife, but for some reason they left me at home. In sec. They began to praise many people in different villages. Since the 5th of October, the shell has been on the 20th year, i.e. 19 1/2 hr. It turned out after the last time when I called Fedor Tim. Pavel Fed. home, they told Avdu that we weren’t long enough to prolong the son of Alexander, since he was all sick, and for the common cause was not capable. He has no intention of giving him a thousand 5. Of this sum, finding a place on T Slobodsky or in Byatk3 is a small house for a thousand for 3-4,"G_______201_______and let the rest in the ranks of the shop and trades. Or do you build him a small dose in your village, a separate decorator and a complete overlay of land and all peasant farming, let him live. Pavel Fed. to Brazil, that it’s his second stepmother, since she has her only married son and the next to grow up - she probably inspired the old man to separate one first, and then, after 1-2 years, to push the second one out. Steel Pavel Fed. to convince the father that in the interest of better to wait, not to rush to expel. There is only 5000 capital - for your common cause it is only to do no good, but you are damaging; this university will have less working capital - fundsѣ. It may happen that Alexander Fed. die there orhaving lived approved: all his family will come to you - if you don’t drive them out, you involuntarily take them, or you will give them back for maintenance, but if now. Alexander is ill and is not able to work, so now and now, we are being penetrated even without his work. You, the house and Stepan, apparently, are well-governed, and I, Vos Doskves his son Petrozm, are also well-governed. They already and now are already working in such a way that you can safely send it to any business, no worse than ours. Look, I left here at your call, there, from the first steamboats, they came from E home to Shchoskiv goods: they were the first people to be seized in front of the people in the quartermaster’s warehouse, and they already handed over twenty thousand, as you see, from the daily telegraph deputy - all the same our little men, and we are calm, and if you were a stranger - perhaps - you couldn’t rely on everyone. Good, dear, trusted nanny to show ours until a little business is not avert. and cheap service is even worse. Spend the children 5-6, I have blue to grow up, then I will manage them in Moscow, and let Peter and Stepan help you at home. Then Fedor. Tim, surrendered: "Perhaps youEp.,_______202_______he’s right, he’ll just have to get married — for 18 years he hasn’t done anything — what else to wait: he won’t take him to the soldiers, and a married man would be better to take care of his house and to take care of him, and a bachelor, and even in such a big city, and Choose a good one. Choose when free, i.e. less than a day in koskv, and went on evo home, or you can send my wife to help me for Stepan’s wife a year, to help you, I’m at home while I’m working. Poti should look for him, just to come from a good family. Nantes no wealth We do not need a dowry, even if we make money ourselves, we should not rely on money from others. Thus, the question of my marriage was a foregone conclusion about almost 18 years, but firmly defined, or ultima. Nothing has been announced. Lio ppiѣzdѣ from E of Moscow, at the end of 1886, i.e. To Christmas, home, it became noticeable: then Ilya Tim. suggests that you do not marry, look, you call - you miss all the good ignoramuses, II send me a matchmaker, I’m your niece you are a Matchmaker - vra atvѣevna dolushin. Don Vasilyevich Dol Gushin has a lot of money, you will get a good dowry. That conversation begins at home, almost every 2 tea, praise the ignorance: Olga Antonovna Lagunova, or Demyanka, Alexei Egorovich Morozov, or Fedor Ivanovich, who’s synonymous, or the industrialist Varaksi - and Duvakin; I try to make it appear as if it does not concern me, i.e. supposedly I don’t understand what it means to speak specifically for me, but I keep silent. It should be noted that having lived 2 1/2 years in Moscow, I have already dumped the villager with whom I first went to Moscow. The stations or horses didn’t admire Den anymore, but, on the contrary, having missed the first time E BE #, I’ve got it, I already showed it myself - where and what to watch. I've already been to the palace, and to the Faceted Chamber, to various museums, to theaters - opera and drama, and to ballet, and to the circus. I already have a suit, -N.10H_______203_______a tanned short fur coat, a chintz shirt - a braid and setogi, for oiled tarry - replaced muhova coat of urban style with a collar, a starchy shirt with a tie, a jacket and trousers for graduation, and a boot, cleaned with wax. Yes, and the knowledge that I, having to test for a 2-year urban school, spent 2 1/2 years on a book of sales of goods. BE & Oskvѣ and never once repeated that. whom is the incident, what happened when books were kept ed. and Andrei Parf. Taking all this into account, it seemed to me that it was already humiliating for me to marry a rural or rural, illiterate girl who had barely learned in the initial rural cola and he was already gone. Tasteѣ, like prosperous peasants - ki, and learned how to convert, like. and their parents, respectively. rich. peasants Skom circle. All this taken in revenge, Nya not only did not seduce and did not attract - at least to get acquainted with one or the other, but directly repelled. Finally, my mother says: “My child insists that you get married sooner. You want to choose it there. You risk it: go back, look at it one way or the other, however, maybe you will like it sometime. Pelageya Petrovna Nazenin praised the young lady very much from the Rukavishnikovs of the VI Vyatka: she studied at the Eyat gymnasium and plays the pianos. My mother and mother are nevsty’s cousins ​​and sisters and knew each other well, being almost every year on June 24th to Kurochkin’s Willow is a new day, they are celebrating a holiday in both places and henna almost every year but anasha I went with me to Kurochkino for this holiday. E. Passing through E Vyatka, sometimes Kyo Rukavishnikov came in. When I was 6 or 7, I will see, the hamlet brought me Ki Rukavishnikov and asked permission to leave me with them for half an hour while she went to kV to the doctor, they took me away to play with their daughter, the sameEtIn TRTTI. BUTat 111_______204_______almost age / it was my future wife /. We both remember that we played dolls then. For the second time I saw her when we were only 12, you are also Kurochkin, at the wedding of the mother of another sister, Anna Ivanovna Nazenins, when she married Fyodor Ivanovich Kalykh / nicknamed the Dove. In the middle of the dance evening, Alexey Andrianovich Kazenin summoned her and said: "Not so long ago, by chance, you and I saw how you and your brother were doing it. I liked the Jewish dance in Visha. I really liked it. Come now for all the guests." Now her mom mom came up and say “PE:” According to Moult, you can’t refuse if you ask for something and there is nothing to be ashamed of. “You die, so dance.” They immediately found Nisha. They told the musicians to play the Jewish dance, and they, brother and son, ordered to dance, walked a circle two times, and all the guests, seeing this first section, were delighted, applauded and they asked again and again, but Alexey Andrianovich protested: “Enough, pretty a little bit - you can teach me to learn.” That’s my good memory. By the way, I’ve got a different impression of early childhood, I’ve been very fond of traveling with my parents and BE! On the first day there was sent the first wild strawberry BYE Golovinsky to the forest, it was Anogo and it was very large. With us, two local and guests, we went out in a storm to pick berries, there was a competition - who is not to take anymore. There were always many guests, it was fun, they went scribble for round dances.Vi the same time, prizagal from the Vyatskogo Aleksandrovskogo cathedral of the confessor of the family of Ivan Andriy Kazenin, Protopriest father of IoannѣREDNIKOVE.He had three daughters, sometimes all of them visited Ivan on one day every day. Nі, one of the E daughters of Protopriest Rednikov, walking s and the rest of the guests, expressed pozhelanіe take uchastіe BL Horo vodѣ. She was accepted with pleasure, she stood in the general circles,tak 2,_______205_______holding hands and sitting on hands. Now the villages didn’t come near her — a sky guy, slapped on the shoulder — that meant that they would pick her to be a pair in the center of the circle. She, without refusal and without lack of knowledge, swam and danced, and bowed to her cavalier NOT, just like the village of Skviya girls, I enjoyed all the fun. Young people were having fun while their father Protopriest Ioann Rednikov and the cathedral father deacon, called Kapitonych, walked all over Yurochkino village and collected Petrovsky: eggs, butter. N% - which of the guests: Al, Al. Rukavishnikov and theirs. Nick. OPARI IZAVI - whether voluntary desire to go down and as an assistant to collect Petrovskago. At four, they took a basket - a parsley, smiling under a belt tied to it, hung over their shoulders and walked all over the village, which turned out to be for everyone’s pleasure, a pleasant pastime and useful for the clergy - free porters. Chickens - but many more guests got together for the holiday E Save the Day, August 1st. Then the old man Ivan Andrianovich was cutting from hives with coma copper and, according to the proverb “To crawl copper", brought the weight: take out the bowels of the hive into the house, c. head, put on so much. Bring a few cans of svvago, home-made Nitsa, bread. The old man is heavily punished by honey fishing for bread and everything comes up to the table, takes it, sits a circle around the room and gives it to him, and he offers: eat more and more. We guys really liked it. On one of eight such trips to Kurochkino, passing through the Vyatka, the first time I saw captured Turks. In Fes Kakh and in Turkish military foryaѣ. This was apparently during the Turkish War. The second Turks lived not far from the Rukavishnikovs, БЕ tom donѣ, which was later bought by Yakubovskiy May, rebuilding Ії to open a confectionery Yakubovskago, the best of Vyatka. ApparentlyatFi:_______206_______in the same year I remember / my pal Alexander Fedorovach and the service Sholkіelya, Abram Nikitich Baramzin, went to our village neither to the village of Rylo, you, Vasily Petrovich Rylov, got rid of the short fur coats for the wolf, and I took them with me to keep wooden arshins, which I used in fur coats, and I still had the pleasant impression that I took half-fur coats for war. Then there was a lot of food, or no more than nine."Come to. Kurochkino *, continued the mother," on Saturday night you will spend the night playing the role, and on Sunday with. Pelagia Petre. Recognize that you need Vyatka kѣ obdnѣ, and then go to L Rukavіshіn and drink tea, as if by chance, because they wouldn’t know if they would have come. "AMn seemed correct and I agreed. Powered Dimov: Mom talked with her son Fedor Tim.; He sent me on Saturday to eat in Vyatka with some sort of assignment to the bank, and say: “Go ahead and wash and spend the night at the bazhenins ѣ}: Urochkin.” Sanya ordered to forbid me 11 little horses that are better. say, entrusted with dad E VE Vyatk, I had to spend the night in Kurochkino. conceived, but to take the floor, so that Rukavishnya would not tell anyone why we shouldn’t visit, but what you should think better. Come with me, aunt Pelageya Iletrovna and uncle Petr Ivanovich Kazenin. They had gone before RukavnyNikov. and there they not only didn’t hide it, but they all frankly said once again that this is the time for the bridegroom to come. Meet me - whether they didn’t even invite me to tea with him and didn’t get with us. Quickly started a general conversation, agreed to a jee Zeki. Eto asked the bride to play the piano, but it was not slowly executed with pleasure. Single or two hours, simplymustache_______207_______were falling. I quit dokoy, but previously, to the question of the Tsentalii Petrov. us, in your ear: did you like the bride, said in secret that ponra. Bilas - we will get married, of course, if you agreed to go out. I’m jealous for me.lіelageya Petrovna, seeing me off, returned to Rukavishniko Zym and said: "Edighe, tomorrow or the day after tomorrow they will meet again"cha*,,Alex. Aleksandrovich Sleeves linic, Father of bride, so as not toFT +tІTit1 Ніthere was a ban on the part of the Diocesan authorities, I went to my parish confessor to consult: could it be possible to get a close relationship, namely: Ivan Andrianovich kazenini and Alexey Andrianovich Kazenin - siblings. The bridegroom, Petr Alexandrovich Vakhrushev, is the grandson of Khan Andrianovich, from his daughter, Alexandra Ivanovna, nee Kazenina. A nevsta, Apollinariya Alekseevna Rukavishnіkova, granddaughter of Aleksey Andrianovich 1 {azenina, The father of his daughter Apollinariya Alekseevna ukavishnikova, nee Kazenina. It turns out that second cousins. The confessor. thought to speak - the relationship is close. I consulted a charter or some book to say that it’s possible to give permission to the archbishop, but in order not to make a fuss, I’ll ask the Reverend just in case, I hope that he blessed me and I will begin. I, you have come home, told my parents that I agree to marry Apol linariy Aleksevna Rukavishnikova - you can go and preliminarily find out if her parents agree to give the village away, and whether it is possible to start - whether the relatives are close. On the next day, “Oh, parents - father and mother, we again went to extort ci ietrova Ivanovich and Sang gay Petrovna by the state and, b. Rukavitsnikovym. They talked about everything and learned that the ear had been clarified and secured from the Diocesan authorities - there would be no obstacles. Offi was appointed in two days.eift_______208_______full engagement, and after 2 weeks of the wedding. Two days later, everything was already gone: I was with my parents and grandfather and grandmother - straight: 0 KE Py kavishnikov, the appointed hour. So already there were priests invited to read a prayer and bless the engagement of the groom and bride, and the mass of guests was gathered. Immediately, everything was dictated by: Or, they were pleased by God, and the beginning: Sya bal. Dѣdunika Fedor. Ty ..., improve 24 ducks, when I walked up the handle with the bride, while steel was facing us, I took her arm and said: "I consider it a long time to warn us that we are reminiscent of the village. {And we don’t have any theaters or clubs, and we are not used to it. ”At first Vavit, probably, our rural housing wouldn’t like to be boring, but nothing could be done - you had to get used to it: 2.5 you didn’t know what to say to him - they were boisterous. PotoalMalasha’s brides wonders: “What the old man said.” She was so encouraged that they warned that the theater wouldn’t have to walk, so that the sweat wouldn’t have any grudges. 2 выanasha heard, makhn left her hand: "This is an old song; and with Kashi, earlier they said the same; the youth is not asked and does not repent - when you want to - go, if there is an opportunity to be what, and if there is nothing to it, so there is no big trouble - this is not good. It is impossible to live without E, and without the theater, without the club - no one can beat, cornfield. you’ll. "TA E ended. The ball ended at 6 a.m. We all slept in the apartments of the gymnasium of the school - children of Ivan Tiіk. Vakhrushev. The next day, at 8 1/2 o’clock. usra awoke us all. To go to drink tea, go to the shops and buy clothes for the bridegroom and gifts for the bride and groom. Ask for Rukavishnikov’s ONE at 9 o’clock in the morning, we learned that it’s time to sleep, and Alexey Alexandrovich Rukavishnikov’s to sit, and mother Mom Apollinarnikov Alekseeva I haven’t yet gone to bed, everything is tidied up._______209_______sent cooks and lackeys with dishes and with calculations. She was surprised; we entered the room with the whole crowd and you think that she, just like us, got up early. We ask, but where? It turns out the elk is to sleep. I say, "Well, I’ll go, wake up." And mother says: “No, it’s not supposed to, it's too early, I’ll wake up myself.” I apologized for not having time to tidy up, but if you came so early, then sit down and not in the tidied rooms, and please do not blame me. Two hours passed. We drank tea and all went to the manazin. K. Pavel Petrovich Club Ukov. Dushka byl znak s samim p.p. clubbing; Having late risen, he recommended us all, although p. Alexѣen. Al.Ruka Vishnikov. Pav. Peter. Elabukov was also a sign, for both consist. whether the city vowels of the city of Vyatka. For me it was chosen: fox and Kamchatka beaver collar and cloth are of the best quality, for the final coat and jacket suit - also of better quality, and some other little things. Only now they chose samago best velvet for a business dress for bride, i.e. a gift ѣ from my wife ha. In total, thousands were bought for one and a half, all this Klabukov wrote down on credit, since the calculation was made on an annual basis, once a year, in August, a month, at the Nizhny Novgorod fair. At the same time, the Rukavishnikovs, together with my mother, chose for the dress for the bride, which was paid separately, from the account of the Rukavishnikovs. Then we went into the store with our family. Alexey Anisimovich Klabukov, bought a variety of desserts, but to your own, rustic taste. At the same time, Dudd double said: “I would have followed wine, bottles. At least take a long one.” But get married Alexey Alexander. Rukavishnikov said that wine is not necessary, it is not accepted in a kind. "I treat myself to wine at home, as I can, you’re guilty, and you go home, when we will come to you, why_______210_______you bark, treat and treat. "But the dessert and the hotels were nevertheless taken to Rukavishnikov, because it was believed that the next day after the engagement both in the villages and in the city, the bridegroom KE didn’t have any presents. They had dinner and had dinner at Rukavishnikov - well, we spent the whole day. BE, since there were 2 days left until the Maslenitsa, and it was impossible to finish the Maslenitsa, the Rukavishnikovs insisted on postponing the wedding until Easter, anasha and insisted that they obligatorily postpone the wedding to Shrovetide, giving a proverb : “Forge it while it’s hot,” and after Easter, It’s a natural road and sports, and you can sing it on the ice, and there. 11th month to come / and, let’s say, wedding, not to keep watch - all the time to toil /. ​​Finally, we agreed that the seamstresses and tailors immediately sent only that that we inevitably need a wedding, and the rest should be completed. Finally, we mutually agreed to do the wedding two weeks later, that is, on the last week before Maslenitsa, on Friday, because this is the last day of the day, which I have to start at church. According to the charter of the Church, on Saturday and Sunday a conspiracy cannot be finished.During two weeks I almost daily came from Vyatka village - 22 versts - square nevst, leaving the village for about 4 days and returned 12 - I o'clock. At each order there were 2 pairs of horses, one at a time: on one I walk, and the second restE.I had to have godfather Vasily Parfenovich Vakhrushev at the wedding of the planted fathers, called the thousandth, but they were at the Irbit Fair, because the Fathers were invited together with him Anempo Gerasimovich Fofonov, as my mother’s sister was because they were to marry Afanasy Ivanovna Kazenina. LandedBUT._______211_______the mother / deceiver / was the wife of the godfather, i.e. Bac.klarfen. - Afanasiya Petrovna Vakhrusheva, and the second mate, the eldest daughter of the grandfather, Marya Fedorovna Zarkina. The best men were on my side: Alexander Ivanovich and Afanasy Ilyich Vakhrushevs, both gymnasium students. We left the village in Vyatka at 2 p.m., eat tѣm, so that at 4-5 we would have already finished, and on 7-8 we would return all the way to the village. .But they did not provide for some delays. Look at Vyatka 22 versts, horses need rest ѣ 2-3 hours. At that time, 6 couples of duplova ravens gave horses from Stepan Glabovich Zai tsev specially nyavshagov Vyatka horses - carriages and open strollers for vacations but I hire for posh visits for weddings, for riding and other things like carriage for which the cathedral.By the way, the Alexandrovsky Cathedral is the best church in the city of Vyatka according to the external view and internal. The legend says that this temple was built in Vyatka by the very architects who, according to the same plan, began to build the temple. Christ the Savior before the well on Vorobyev’s Gora, in memory of the expulsion of the French army of Napoleon from Moscow in 1812. But the design of the temple was very grandiose and enormous, the soil on the Vorobyov Gorys could not withstand such a severity and, no matter how the foundation was bottled up, they all went to the ground. Potot investigative commission found that the soil can not withstand the severity of storage and can not stand. Nika Kai Zabutka. Then the architect was given a judge, and his judge awarded a link to the settlement of Vyatka. Surname of this architector Vitgeft. Living in Vyatka, this architects suggested that the local rich people, for voluntary donations, build according to the Moscow plan, but keep the dimensions much smaller-T-_______212_______century Vyatka, in memory of the emancipation of the peasants from their dependence on dependency, under the Emperor Alexander the Great, the main entrance to the church in honor of St. Alexander Nevskago. A large area of ​​land was allotted for the construction of the temple, at that time almost on the outskirts of the city, on the elevated bank of the Vyatka River. The temple, in its beauty, turned out to be the best adornment of the city of Vyatka, from which there would be no side: no access to Vyatka - the blue, sky-colored roof of the temple with gilded stars all over the roof and its enormous gilded cross can be seen from all sides. Soon, this church was without problems after the urban population and peasants of the nearest villages, but for all Vyatka residents, and especially for merchants, it was a favorite templeѣ. Almost all merchant weddings ended in the Alexander Cathedral. After the last Vyatka-Gorod expanded, they began to build near the new church and more - towards Khlynovka, so that along the outskirts, the temple turned out - if not to the center of the city - then to the center of the second part of Vyatka. .After the meeting in the Alexander Cathedral, we went to the carriage, on the Zaitsevsky horses, returned to the house of the Rukavishnikovs, there was a meal for all guests, which took about an hour and a half. After having been served, domestic horses, triples with the addition of three triples, were filed. for guests accompanying the bride, namely: two students, Dimitri Pavlovich. Anisimov and Mikhail Ivanovich kazenini, godfather, Alexander. Alekseyevich Kazenin / steamship owner / and his wife, Olga Pavlovna kazenina, godmother, Mariya Aleksyevna Oparina and the proto-priest Petr Aleksandrovѣ, spouses of the Rukavishnikovsѣ. All in nine triples with bells and bells rushed through the city of Vyat kѣ, kѣ rѣdѣ, along the ice on the Vyatka Sloboda tract. / in towns with bells ѣ food is forbidden, but for weddings it is allowed.te_______213_______Instead of 8 o’clock, we all, all by train, arrived home at 10 o’clock. Protoereus and the best man with icons entered forward, we were young — we married a bride. At the top of the stairs, my parents met us with bread and salt and honey, and after blessing, they blessed us with the final icons, while Protopriest, with a cross and the sign “Worthy”, entered the rooms. The proto-priest made a short prayer and forgiven many years, Rosta was all in the collection, I waited for us at 7 o’clock, and the grandfather was very worried and expressed insult to Anempodist Gerasimovich Fofonov as the oldest and thousandth, as the commander was instructed / and why didn’t hesitate that they insist on having nothing, and the Rukavishnikovs insisted and treated everyone with happiness, saying that they didn’t need anything to marry and bride — not to be hungry until the evening to remain dear. But everything calmed down. Congratulations and the wedding celebration began. On the first day the festival of hours continued. until 2 nights. Having led us, young people, to the ground, which was arranged in the bedroom of Pavel Fed., In view of the fact that Pasel F. p. family lived at that time in Moscow. After his departure with his family to Moscow, a year and a half in this bedroom Stepan Fed was placed. with his wife Alexandra Stepanovna; but so. like, at the moment. of my wedding, and Stepan and his wife lived in Moscow, then the grandfather ordered their beds and other things to take out the closet, and I and my young wife arrange a bedroom and a bedroom. The piano Apollinarіky Alekseevna was brought to the same room, brought to the dowry / this is the first musical instrument in the village of Malozavalinsky /.Most of the guests went home. In the morning at 9 o’clock we were awakened to drink tea, and then the grandfather ordered me to calculate all the workers, i.e. would give all earned torture money and fromstart up at Shrovetide. As usual, plants in--_______214_______the whole Shrovetide was stopped for 10 days, so that the working peasants could go home, in the middle of the winter to do their own household work: removing wood, wood, threshing bread, etc., and paying their taxes, and then, in the first week, a hundred, in tuesday, all come back in the morning and. all factory work begins in full swing. Calculation of workers by me lasted hoursTwo.Having co-opted, we went for an hour and made visits to our village, i.e. to Parthen Tim., to Ivan Tim. and I’m Tim., in accompaniment nіp two shaferov. This ceremony at that time was accompanied by an exchange of gifts. Young people presented a box of chocolates, Ayyz gave away silver things, in most cases. - half a southeast of silver teaspoons, or a salt shaker, and so on. Towards evening on this day, guests from the side of the groom gathered again and from Vyatka left their parents-uncle and their relatives, and in front of the guests, they were brought from Vyatka on hired ones. The Rusanovsky horses / musicians' orchestra Bal, or, as it was called then, a fun feast, began at the 8th hour. evenings and went all night until 7 o’clock. in the morning. On the morning of E, after dinner, most of the guests left Don, especially Vyat's guests, and Ruka Vishnikova and her closest relatives stayed away for the night. Ut rum, s. 10 hours in the morning all the next of kin and overnight gathered again and celebrated the whole third day, having breakfast, having lunch and dinner. [In the village the third day is accompanied by a maskara house and young people drive to the bathhouse, or take to the harrow, but with us. granddad forbade all this. But nevertheless, some of the guests, quietly milk, in secret to Be his, persuaded us, i.e. young people: they ran the man 15-20 for 2 minutes, left the bathhouse, which stood in the courtyard /, and, laughing, the whole big company returned and reported to him that weBUT_______215_______they didn’t take the young people to the bathhouse, because you forbade them, but they themselves killed, and we only saw how they had already gone back to the bathhouse and joined them and came here with the whole company. On the 4th day, the rest of the guests and Rukavishniko spent the night with Vyatka. On the fifth day, i.e. on Tuesday at Shrovetide, we are newlyweds doubled,. take with you two of mine. all the elders Anfizu and Anna, went to Vyatka for the whole Pancake week. But on Monday, I went to Il Tim. , asked him for the whole week triple Khodyrevskіya city sleigh and sent him on one draft horse in Vyatka with a spare harness for a draft horse. On Tuesday, we went for a couple of horse dei and for girls we harnessed a separate third horse to a separate little sled. In Vyatka on Wednesday, S.G. Zaitsev front carriage with a pair of good black horses and s. lackey, and we spent 5-6 hours all over Vyat kѣ kѣ to relatives and all our acquaintances, who. They celebrated at the wedding. Bizites. Moreover, they collected a lot of gifts. - silver things. On Thursday, oil-enhanced skiing began in the city of Vyatka, which is arranged annually in. All the cities of Russia. Ride starting monday on a few, and with. Thursdays already ride hard and give pancakes daily. We also began to ride our troika ITS Khodyrev. the sky of the triple sleigh with two pavilions, i.e. for 4 people, two on a bench, facing one another, and for one day they took ot this year Zaitsev’s pair of dyhlovyhs, including the open phaeton, moreover, we were wearing the costume, which was L. L. Visits, i.e. my wife in a velvet dressѣ, a business hatѣ and a plush fox. her rotunda, ѣ in a new fox merchant fur coat and beaver hat ровой. Previously, we went to take photographs to take pictures to leave posterity, as we were in the first week after_______216_______weddings, but before the wedding, you 2 weeks, we also shot the same photo, on the second day of our engagement, also with the aim to remember the memory that we were bridegroom and bride. We have a good week at Vyatka, we are at Clean Monday. at. The 1st day of Lent, returned home to the village. Three sleighs with a hired carriage driver, a day later, Il were returned. Tim. thanks.~ 0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0• ua-._______217_______CHAPTER 4.Years of independent life of Peter Alexandrovich Vakhrushev.Great Post passed without special events. Almost weekly I had to go to Vyatka or to the Banks, or for shopping. First, more often, Fedor T.’s ear was more often a mischief, but he complained very much about mouth, sometimes he began to send me, and at the end he was convinced that all of you were getting fit correctly and no worse than him. Steel more and more often send me. My wife Apollinariya Alekseyevna, taking this opportunity, ди stayed with me every time, but when ѣ ѣ ѣ иль ѣ ’, then I went to see him. In parallel, of course, I looked at both the factory house and the office.Every Easter every year they went to the matins and went to Spasskoe village, but they let us go to Vyatka. On Sunday, we played the role of ѣ rѣkѣ Vyatkѣ on Saturday Saturday, it was already getting dark. The ice was still standing, but the riders were already in the water - you should not ride horses. Horses c. ku: the cherod was left to Dymkov, a friend of the blacksmith Sukhodoev, they themselves went into the town of pѣškom, and after water, they went to the boatников.The Easter morning service and liturgy were in their own. Rukavinni kova / parish church. I’m on the first day. Aleksey Aleksandro vich »Rukavishnikov went to visit all the Kazenin -Throw it to your family and friends. A special chic Easter one hundred l сто. then I was struck by the pride of І.Peter Konstantinovich Klepikov, then he was chic and lived widely, after the last maraz he sold his haberdashery to Mikhail Ivanovich Kazenin. On the second day, we hastened to return home to the village.After Easter there was a spring wash of wool, daily come -atr19,_______218_______from.e.gmoose from 4 o'clock. mornings and until the 8th hour. evenings to work and watch. After half of May, I, together with my wife, went out to buy Korya Titov at the mill in Slobodskaya and with us an assistant. It was a business trip. Dihail Ilyich Yilin. There they got acquainted with the whole Leah family in a family way. You. Lytkina, and especially with his second sons - Liih. Mih and his wife Eugene. Nichol. Lytkin, they came together very friendly - they were, just like we were, too young. Evgeniya Nikol., NeeThe official’s daughter, a large merchant family, got used to it. My wife, Apollinariya Alekseyevna, who also lived in the city ѣ in a small family и, and went out as a deputy in the village, which is enormous. Byu came into the family of the twenty-fourth /, also with difficulty got used to it, because heѣ willingly made friends with Eugene. Nichol. Lytkina. In addition, as early as 21st of May I was familiar with and became friends with my third son 14.V. Lytkina - Ilya Mi Khaylovich. Lytkin .. We lived in Sloboda Skom some forty days, frequent. to have picnics. Once we went on a picnic to Tikhon Yakovlevich Alexandrov's Alexandrov cottage, up. in the course of the river Vyatka - a pretty little cottage on the banks of the river and vosnovka, lѣsu. Have we taken from the cradle of a pol-pud of selected sterlets, and there would have been ten of us. Boiled ear, came out good, thick. Bly, we tried hard all, but it is impossible to throw out the stool, and there remains no one else to give. Vkh dachѣ no one lived, owners orMoscow. They got tired, they ate more, but didn’t go to anyone else, so they threw more than half.Upon returning to the village, the meat came on the last 11 days of the day. V. І Yulya mѣsyatsѣ, in the village of Trofimovskaya, with her cousinFedora Tim. - Alexey Ivanovich Vakhrushev, the second son began to marry. gifts. Alexeyevich Vakhrushev, godson of my grandfather Fedor Timo."._______219_______yal Come Yakov, Alexeyevich. K. godmother for the blessing and invites, В5 thousand, and grandmother Olga Pavlovna - for the lack of follower. Dadushka, for some reason, you yourself couldn’t go: either you were unwell, or you had to go urgently on that day to Vyatka. But the cross cannot be denied to anyone. Now, he ordered to prepare two new cars, each with three horses. I outfitted myself - thousands of Klms ”, and I asked my wife Olga Pavlovna to go away from her. I, twenty years old, was for the blessed father of a 26-year-old bridegroom, and from that moment on, the new Alekseyevich always called me: heel-five, always remembered the great deal of loving godfather to him. Fedoron Tim. and considered himself very much OA4 5 indebted to our family, he always sought to either thank or thank. And, indeed, pouring through $ 30, during the beginning of the Russian Revolution, I rendered a tremendous service to my son Nikolai during the rage of the factories in the Vologda province: help him to temporarily hide and leave the village of Vakhrusheva unremarked, ”with the blessing of Kova Alexeyevich . But the volume of this will be said separately separately.Half a year, while Pavel and Stepan Fedorovich lived or were in. Do you have one * total? apartments ѣ, between them there was a strong misunderstanding, like in ѣ dѣllѣ, so in seed life, apparently, more between their genes. Father Paul 3. Home to the father received 2-3 letters with a request to transfer all the Finnish business to Stepan and decides to leave Pavel f. with his family home, at least as a simple worker at the factory. For a long time these letters were carried by the pocket in the pocket, without handing over to the office, into the folder of general letters. Many of them had to see much later, when he got into the office. Bishop 11an, see Dimov’s, also some writing, complaining about Paul, but I never saw his pi seven. Are he left udushki, or is it themttya thatnotdestroyed - but in the office such ve got.I AM2but_______220_______Only about one morning does the child give me a letter, a letter written by his hand in the name of Stepan and say: “Go, hurry, write below, at the same time write a letter to Stepan, stick the stamp and bring me back: I’m in. Vyatka and I’ll take it to the post office and registered delivery. " I was interested in the fact that all correspondence was addressed to BE 10 Moscow Pavel, and here: suddenly - to Stepan and the registered ones. While I ran down to write the envelope - read the letter. It turned out - severely reprimand Stepan: "I will create a leather case with my older sons and develop it with both forces. While I live, I try to teach you to teach you, and you want to beat everything up. You are still young to command over the elders "You don’t want to sew gold for me, so you will beat with a hammer. When you finish for a long time, I’ll come home, I’ll accept another friend".During this time, the old man sold a large number of treasury bills of the cut sample of goods for the Quartermaster BE, Grigory Adelkhanov, who had donated to his company Stepan Avetisovich Vart Ozaryantsy, who had been born again and again, previous years, Fedor. Tim. sales вѣ They didn’t have much, preferring to work in parallel with a “hood”. tіo cЕ of this year we decided to completely liquidate the Moscow plant at the workshop, to sell the entire hood and toss it through the garden-exhaust case and to deal only with cutting the official soldier’s ski boot. Half of the supply is to be delivered by ourselves to the Quartermaster’s warehouse, and the rest is to be sold to Adelkhanov. An appropriate order was sent to Moscow in order to finish the cutting and to clean up the apartment, to hand over the apartment-workshop, to take only an apartment for his dwelling, and Stepan has his wife from F. CE and the cutter Anton An. 10 owl vyzhzdat dodoy./ Half of July Stepan F. and Alexander Step. arrived home...BUToneSince the big room - the bedroom, was busy with us, then weІE-Atat 42.._______221_______dad abalone, nor Stepan. they didn’t ask to be released, and Stepanі F. CE hekhnoy put the bed in the living room and, in this way Oi: E, the living room turned into a bedroom. Prior to my attire, we all had dinner and thrown in a small master's kitchen, and tea. Ipili upstairs, in the dining room. For both. They didn’t set the house, but all of it from a common cup with wooden baubles. At such a cook, the maid * was not available then. After my marriage, they began to dine in Inal downstairs, but not in the kitchen, but instead of the rowl in the office, they began to put plates and spoons all over. whether metal, such knives and forks. Households and girls were covered by so many women and girls, and served as a cook too. ka. When they started to cover the first meal, when Stepan F. and Alexander Stepanovna returned, the last one said to Stepan’s sisters: “Put the plates in town ME, but we don’t need it, we grew up in the village, we’re not used to plates.” And she disagrees: “Dad (that is, Fedor Tim. Ordered all to do the same.” Alexander Stepan had to shut up.On July 25th, many people were told to go to !! and city fair. Dad Alexander Fed. stated that they go too. To the cabinet said: “If three of you knew E. Only many would not want to take a separate extra number. Maybe they’ll all be up to one; "Try three together. To the Kukarsky tract and to the town of Semenov, Nizhny Novgorod governorate. Get one pair to avoid unnecessary expenses." At the same time, we went to the E Fair Stepanӣ Illarionovich and Petr Illar. Rylov for the purchase of manufactory. You and he went with him and the public company in two pairs to be fun, and to be safe at night. At the station, they drank tea and ate homemade pies and chicken--ܕܝܙ܀L"t._______222_______mi We arrived well, without adventure, only, moving the Volga onto a large boat, a strong start. Apollinarіya Alekseevna was afraid, but I wasn’t the first to disconnect - I was not afraid.In the Nizhny Novgorod Yaryarka in 1887-42, we passed the numbers of August 28th or 29th, stayed in rooms. Pal: Ikova, near the mosque. The room-room was still last year by Palnikov: the Lena behind us is the one that is occupied annually, and not a big deposit is left from year to next year. For me, a wife was put in a corner in the corner, a point fenced off. The rest should sleep on the floor on their own lumps and pillows, which were brought with them all. The next day, in the same room, pr. ѣҳal from home Vasily Parf. Vakhrushev and their son-in-law Alexander Stpanovich Kubin, and on the next day, they took our action. Pavel Fed. and Andrei Parf. from E Zhskva. In this time they - 5 people - were sleeping on the floor in a row, and the two of us - on the bed. 03ѣdid at the common table, here, about Savi bought the Savi, gave the shared kitchen to the Palnikovsky kitchen erased, in their pans. This cook or cook for all cooked and grilled, and the corridor boys once - wore each of the rooms in the room: acim im. qi or fried, as it was not mixed up and nothing was lost, although there were a few dozen such pans every day, and possibly up to a hundred. Apparently, the chef roasted KE kaya: do the pots according to KAZ, and since the chef and the corridor received a full reward for this. Deniya and the holiday tea were strictly watched so that everyone would be happy. BE Save the day, the corridors were congratulating you on a holiday and, on a plate, one cell honey with a spoon. Take a teaspoon from him and give him I-3 rubles. On the second Savior day, bring apples, and so on.toreggs, xxX!here_______223_______BE The first day of our visit is to see us HERE’s numbers Yakon Fomich Tyryshkin, invites Ivan Tim. Bakhrushev and his fathers at Alexander Fed. BE Ermolaevskaya Hotel - tavern drink and buy tea ѣ both of them have a batch of nest, brought? There is a brand, approximately 3000 poods, 5 rubles each. for pood. : this very day they telegraphed home to Fedor Tim. Two days later, Pavel Fed. Having learned about the sale of wool, say: “I was in a hurry to take it, take it, sell it: I have communicated the wool throughout the spring with hoarfrost to valetsky - to the breeder Filipin Stepanovich Komarov, who has been told to give expensive.” Pavel to Pavel F.K. Komarov and his konpagno, well, to Katishin. tѣ, without knowing the prices of Pavel F., they themselves offer him for the whole party 5.75, i.e. approximately 2000 rubles more. ІPavel, telegraphs in detail to his father and asks how to proceed. Fedora Tim. Replies: "Hand over Tyryshkin to: you cannot remember this word." Pavel F. went to Tyryshkin, explained to him that there was a misunderstanding that the wool was still agreed upon by Komarov and Katyushin, and brothers Alexander again gave the same wool to you E, not knowing that it was already sold. Does the old man write? OHE unscrewed - surrender the Bam, and if you yourself refuse, then surrender the mosquito. Tyryshkin, after hearing it, dismisses: "What Komaro needs to cuddle: I don’t roll valenki, and I will take the resales of pairs of ti. 10, I’ll take them from you. But it’s 15 kopecks for the good and you will be both satisfied. , Pavel unit, buy from me this party give 15 kopecks of benefit and sell, if you like, a mosquito, or anyone else. " Pavel F. was delighted and say to E: "Well, Yakov, if you are not joking, but seriously appoint a party for 5.15 for Nana, then I, with pleasure, bought it from Eact obfTF: 0, but I’ve got it so that You didn’t reproach me afterwards and you wouldn’t express insults. Tyryshkin disturbs: "What a grudge - 400-500 rubles I am fromKUg 11onetr s..:four._______224_______I live, and enough. God forbid, if you still have the same number of merchants, and do your own good - I don’t feel sorry for Komarov’s money, I still treat you. "They shook hands, prayed to God. Pevel paid the same amount for him at a readable sum of 15 kst there and eat about the distance to Kolarov’s coat at 5.75. Have you been told in detail to your father and everyone was satisfied. Only Ivan Tim. wasn’t satisfied - not that it would be a pity-trade, but because of ambition that he, considering himself experienced others and older, and the nephews sold for 75 kopecks a dorop and the order or everything is prettier, having beaten: scandal. Be this kind of "dѣlѣ, i.e. i about giving Tyrysh I’m going to buy it from him and the second seller Komarov, I personally didn’t take any part, as I was two older than me, and I was of the qualities of an assistant, or to fulfill the order of the elders. show the sold goods of the buyer. ME, after the sale, raise and give up the patel and write an invoice and a bill, if selling on credit.When buying at a leather raw materials fair. E, I also had to take things out and take out the sellers, follow the packaging and turn in the delivery to Bulychev for delivery of BE Eat.BE mid August August * Alexandra’s dad troubles. Odin left home, on a steamboat, but on account of me Paul is in trouble. in advance, and asked my dad the ulits of Fyodor Tiwai my father - to take away the yar: stamps for six months or a year to Moscow. On the twentieth of August the hundred, Panel ed. accidentally met at the fair, near the main to. ma, with Fedor Ivanovich. The debt is different. Last, he invited him to go with him to Moser's watch shop and to choose a golden watch for a son with Mikhail Fedorovich and his nephew Alexander Petrovich Send it together. F.I. Dolgushin advised Pavel of troubles. also buy for your youth, making sure that youth is necessary. encourage likeBUTnotT,*.*,_______225_______with gifts - willingly take up the matter. "And your father for this will only be satisfiedѣ that you pay attention to the young." Then Pavel Fed. I bought two pairs of gold watch and two gold chains of the same quality, pay for all 420 rubles. Swear, give away many and said: "This is for you and Stepіan 5., harmless - both are equally BHe."We bought the end of August, together with Parfenovich’s CE. And also, the consignment of raw materials is the skin of the Gostintsev brothers, up to 8000 skins, eat E, so that they would deliver the entire consignment to the river Oka, on Buluchevskaya harbor. There we will apply it by weight and hand over there to the shipping company for delivery. In view of the fact that in the last days of the fair, the Gostintsevs asked to leave for the ship to Astrakhan, and we asked to leave for Moscow, we mutually agreed that the entire pass was completed in 2-3 days, no more. They started transportation from 7-14 a.m. and one o’clock in the morning, and before 8 o’clock they blasted up - they all finished in a half day. I spent the whole day without interruption at the embankment, received, weighed. There, I’ve had a drink, and about a hundred tea, drank milk and it’s utiyal jahdu a watermelon. On the day and a half, the law was done and the whole project was completed and the brothers and the Hotel calculated, and we passed the delivery to the shipping company for delivery, we received the shipping! receipt. They drank that day vnhat vѣ !!One and a half days of my work in Kharkiv, the August days, with dry poison, unripe watermelon, pouring raw milk, affected my health so much that I had an upset of vomiting and vomiting at 11 am; thought - is it cholera? But still came out at 5 o’clock. evenings on the road to Moscow in 3 in class. I was tormented by intense pains all over my stomach all night, I was roaring, and I all got on to another, did not sleep all night until I was ready to go to Toscva - they were afraid that I would go dear. But by morning everything had calmed down; по пріѣздѣ BE Moscowwounds:...-oneonelay in bed for two days and it all ended happily.11:48_______226_______On Moskv, after Stepan F.’s departure, Pavel F., from Nazarov’s house, moved into a new apartment, also near the cast-iron bridge, but on the other side of the ditch, at Mescherin’s house, on Pyatnitskaya street, house P 2, into the courtyard. The apartment has 3 rooms, a corridor and a kitchen. The rooms were distributed as follows: a hall, a dining room and an office, a bedroom for Paul F., who were sleeping on the floor. We, our wife, coming to Moscow, also stopped to live with them in the same apartment, i.e. had to live with them as one family. We arranged a dark bedroom at the end of the corridor, put a 2-bedroom bed and fenced in drapery. The wardrobe for us was set in the dining room. Maintenance costs were very accurate, up to about 2000 rubles. at. year, rent and heating.On the beginning of September, nrіkhal kam nam in Moscow, from Berdichev Leib Moiseevich Finkelshtein. If you are instructed or, if you are out of order, to drink for the 34th, 35th, and 36th Dragoon cavalry, the regiment is shoe boot, soft and hard, i.e. Shafts and front / hoods / and soles with soles. Show us your gender authority. forging and maximum prices with delivery to the place quartered colonel: 35 and 36 - Kamenets-Podolskѣ, and the 4th вѣ Bѣloy Church, Kyiv district. We took a bargain on the price of the entire amount of soft goods - hoods and extra ones for the prefix holo wok. old shafts, eat it so that we send the amount of hoods and the best that we have available, and we buy the missing amount of the appropriate quality from Moscow posadchikov; if cheaper, then bidding is in our favor. We also sold the sole and outsole to him with his valuable right. while trading in our favor, our responsibility for the quality that should not bethe conditions established by the Quartermaster are both sizeable and valuable.-delivery to the place in Kamenetz-Podolsk and the White Church, i.e._______227_______delivery at our expense. To make up the difference from our price to the price that the cavalry regiments must pay after acceptance of the goods, hired, then we undertook to return such a difference immediately to him, L.M. To Finkelstein. Since L.M. The Finkelstein people, without the capital necessary for this operation up to 20 thousand rubles, knew that he wouldn’t let anyone get a loan, then provided that they didn’t send all the shelves to the contract for the sale, but took out orders or orders as a commissary, obliged to buy and deliver the goods to the place, at a certain conditional price, which cannot be changed to either side, but the money must be paid to that person or company, whose name the goods should be delivered to the regiments' warehouses. We sent all the goods from Moscow through the Russian Transport Society to the insured and addressed to Peter Alexandrovich Vakhrushev. Moreover, an agreement was written between us and Finnish Kelshtein that when we receive from the regiment the indicated price, we leave only that price for our benefit, at which we agreed, to sell him all the goods, paying the Russian 0 for delivery and insurance, and the rest - the difference is returned to him, Finkelstein. At the same time, it was agreed that all expenses related to my and Finkelshtein’s trips, maintenance of travel and revenge, and possible, but still unjustifiable expenses for the delivery of goods, are all due to Leiba M. Finkelstein’s account - we don’t need to know anything Responsibility, neither material nor legal, should not concern.On the eve of the appointed day of my departure, my wife and I went to the chapel of the Iveron Mother of God, a prayer service was held. and I am determined to rule for myself, every time, no matter where I travel from Moscow to trade, I must always leave. to attend the Iberian Chapel and rule the prayer of God to her Mother and Savior._______228_______The day of our departure from Moscow, at the appointed hour. Arriving at the train station, L. M. Finkelshtein takes half an hour to get to the apartment with all the luggage and give my wife lacquered women’s nights, saying: “So that you don’t get very angry with me that I’ll take your husband away for a month”. Everything was carried out to the station. L. M. Fin Kelstein was preoccupied with taking 3rd-class bilezes. When I enter the car, I see that he knows the conductors and helped us to take a comfortable bench for two. When he got away, Leiba went from the carriage to the platform and told me: “Now go and check the train tickets. You say that I have your tickets; and I will be on the platform.” indeed, after ten minutes the test passed. I told the conductor that my ticket was with L. Finkelstein. He nodded his head and left. Soon my companion, Leiba Moiseevich, appeared in the car. All in all, having drunk a carriage of tea from a teapot, having a bite. sardines and other Jewish canned goods, went to bed at night, I - on the bench, and L.M. next to me, between the benches on the floor, by the side of a tarp in which a pillow and a coat are wrapped around it. At night, the conductor brigade changed, again new conductors walk in, wake up all passengers, check tickets. Wake me up, demand a ticket. I indicate that my companion is sleeping between a bench on the floor with his pillow buried in his face. Shake him on the shoulder. He turns his face up, mooing: "What is needed." The conductor, seeing him, hesitated and said: "Bi - fly." And Leiba rejects: "Then - in the morning." Both burst out and the conductor went away, and we continued to sleep.In the morning, in front of the big station, and the stopman go up to Leib Finkelstein and bustle him for two tickets to the two stations. At the large pantry station, check in later. We walked in slowly._______229_______take a ride, already after the third call. L.M. I detained me on the square, saying: “Let’s stand for five minutes, we will admire: the views are very good”. Pass by the conductor to the conductor. On demand, Leyba gives him a ticket for 2, as soon as he has completed: two flights each. Control passed, we entered our places. I also see - a few people have entered the car after control. All this caused me doubt. I appeal to cl. Finkelstein’s question is - what’s the matter? What does all this mean. He answered: "Tomorrow we shall take a place, then I will tell you." Then he found out that we were hare without tickets. From Moscow itself, and to the point of importance. It turns out that at that time there were a lot of such lovers of riding hares along the railways and they were all well acquainted with us all the conductor teams. Съ мѣста, i.e. from Moscow, the Bukazanny conductorӣ wagon sits down. At the first stage, ѣ going to go to the site, agrees with ду conductors, where еть to go. Take up it? station statement - tariffs and the indicated amount are to be cut in half .. Next, the conductor will take all responsibility to the place. When the conductor’s brigade was replaced, they should be passed on to them. conventional signs of their clients. - hare and extend foramount worked. All their organization worked, apparently, at the same time as telegraphists. Rdѣ ahead sits in a train control thenthrough telegraphy, the waiting conductors' team preceded. In front of that station, at the previous one, they take the rabbits according to the number of their possessions, the corresponding number of tickets for 2-3 spans and, thus, they almost never take control by surprise. There are occasionally stowaways, inexperienced people who sit on their own without a ticket, not knowing that it is necessary to enter into agreement with conductors. When l. Finkelstein is everythingoneg.::but"FROM_______230_______I told you this, I was indignant: "You didn’t have the right to let me down my responsibility. I don’t go to you anymore. I’ll pay for it myself and I will buy tickets and keep it at my place. And you go away You please. " They calmly dismiss: “Look, the other way round, but if you go to Moscow alone - take your own ticket and ride? You are risk-free, I’m already 40 years old. I’m going to continue and stay away. .! For any risk, they distract them, and not me - there’s nothing to worry about. They have hundreds of such passengers. "We traveled along the railway to Proskurov, from there along the route along the quarter of the Austrian border ѣ verst 90 to parf logiadei - dyshlovykh, to the spring open crew. On the way, after 20-25 versts, stops in Jewish taverns. In each tavern see horses and for passengers tea and dinner - at will. In the evening we arrived at Kamyanets Podolsky. The city is very original, located on a 3-hill, between which pass a deep moat. The city itself is surrounded by a circle, and with the other 2 males, it is connected by bridges. On the last 2 hills, called Polish folklores, are housed, in special barracks, CE stables, two cavalry regiments, stationery, warehouses, a music school apartment and apartments for commanders, a regiment and almost all officers, and revenge residents, mainly revenge residents There are courtyards with rooms for visitors. And one of such lodgings, we are with. Leiba Oiseevich stopped, taking the best room, with two beds, 50 kopecks each. day. Lei 4. Here, the hostess gave lunch and dinner for a fee, and for me he agreed to stay with the Russian right-wing chief clerk Hukov, 1 ruble per day.g.oneETC!h,s::_______231_______Coral is well known, for at that time, and even in the deaf about Vinci, the ruble was considered very big money. The next day, this morning, we went to both the clerks and the colonel. I was introduced by L.M. The Finkelshteins, as a representative of a Moscow company, which delivers leather goods to the shelves and has to receive money, having the uniform power of attorney for the company and being a member of the family of this company. Head of the farm. They confirmed that they were very impressed, but that personally, personally. representative of the company, and that they will be able to pay him what will be due. “If your product turns out to be good, then E and for the future it is better to have a deal with you directly with one company every year, through each year, through an intermediary, to search for new suppliers.” Name the day and hours where to export the goods.The next day, already without me, L.M. Finkelshteins pokhal in apartments to carry various purchases made in. 2oskvѣ, allegedly on behalf of various familiar officers and theirs. He brought with him several cans of fresh sturgeon caviar, balyk, smoked reindeer tongues, ladies' boots, etc., and a large list of these orders. All day ѣzdil and mummy all. On the next day, we set about handing over the goods. In 3-4 days everything passed and quickly I got the calculation. Returning to the inn, l. 21. demanded my part from me, and I had the instruction 03E of Pavel F. Iz Moscow of instructions to pay his part to him when the delivery to all three regiments ends safely, and here we surrendered only 2/3, i.e. in two regiments, and the last 1/3 is not yet clear how to get through - unexpected surprises will appear in order to get there. I began to refuse while issuing, proving the above considerations. They persistently demand steelhis part, saying that without this he’s not going to move from here._______232_______do not let go of the money - now present your contract to the judge to be recovered. Partly, due to inexperience, I was scared that you are someone else’s revenge and I will sue them - I’ll lose, I’ll be blown up by me not entrusted with judicial judgment. And on the 2nd I regret that our notification is not thoroughly substantiated, that we hardly have the right to delay the excess of the price due to him for the given 2/3 only because, perhaps, unexpected surprises occurred. If so see Open, then we could equally be afraid of surprisesѣ and ѣthe first two regiments, but we didn’t take any collateral from him, we went at our own expense and risk, and how his sum got into our hands, then it seemed to us to be further and doubtful, and also the way to secure ourselves. Ritil retreat from Paul's instructions b. at your own risk. Seeing that everything went smoothly, well, then, God willing, and there will not be any bad surprises. Immediately let's go to the 3rd regiment, let’s surrender. and hastily eat with money after I come to My side. We calculated exactly what we owed for all the goods delivered, to allocate such an amount - I left the rest to L. Finkelshtein - well, with a double receipt for our contract and for the amount of the contract it has. Before heading home to me, both are in charge. asked to go to the office for additional outfits - orders, but already without L. Finkelshtein. The next day, I attended a chancellery. We had prepared them all in the name of our company. We have additional orders for boots and other little things, such as galloons, buttons, visors and undercoats for caps and so on. At what price did they put out from the last price list of Moscow a scago manufacturer of dementia. At first I hesitated - if I could, but indicated. values, to deliver especially the goods that have never been understood - neither about quality, nor about value, as for example -RMurt: galloon and buttons. But when many of the bureaucrats showed pres_______233_______the Dement chimera with values, who knew that he only had a Dementi tannery at the factory, had an outfit factory, that he could produce an amm unit for military affairs and a saddle for valuables, and a price list for soldiers and everything necessary for buttons uniforms; it became clear to me that he is everything that cannot be produced at his own factory, bought from other relevant manufacturers and delivered to shelves with benefit for himself. Then I boldly accepted these orders, undertaking to deliver them within six months.From Kamenetz Podolsk, we had to go to the municipality of the Bila Tserkva, but the Jewish holiday ѣ Clouds / New Years ’/ and Ley ba m. Finkelstein ель stated that there was nothing to be done to the Bila Tserkva - the goods hadn’t arrived there yet, for it was there from the rule is late, and if we immediately go there, we will sit for 2-3 weeks without waiting and wait for the goods. Therefore, he offered me a lot of visits to visit him in Berdichev’s Jewish holidays, Kuchka, and if I don’t want to, I can go to the White Church alone, and they will. 2-3 weeks later. After a brief hesitation, I agreed. Both BE Berdichev went together. I stayed with Leiba Moiseevich in his house, in their seven, although his family consisted only of him and his wife, there were no children. Sleeping a lot was arranged in the hall, on the di - van. I am dining with them. Sonya, his wife, asked me if I would be a Jewish chicken, otherwise she would buy from a Russian merchant. I denied that our law does not prohibit, and that I canTake everything that they will cook for themselves, that I do not want to make it difficult for them, so that they prepare separately for me.During the Kuchek, all Jews drink and take in tents or open the skies, in the courtyard or in the garden. / It reminds them_______234_______the time when Moses brought them out of Egypt and they bones and prayed in the wilderness under the open sky7. Deiba Moses. Heaps were arranged in the dining room on the terrace and the sides were finished with curtains, then we all had tea and tea, although it was cold, but I suggested that if I wish, I would have to separately serve it to the hall, but again I rejected this.Every day you went. Synagogues. I asked to take me and take a look. They willingly took me with them, but warned that there you can’t talk to them at all and even go up to them, but I myself can stand or sit for as long as I want. If necessary, I can leave, or go to the 2nd and 3rd synagogue, moreover, they recommended to go to the best rich aristocratic synagogue. I did it. In the first and second, I didn’t like it. All old Jews are in striped shrouds, a cap on their head and some kind of heel, and from it the belt is removed or the bandage is wound up and the ends of the belts are held in prayer. All of them during the whole time of prayer are read and sung, but not harmoniously in chorus, and each of his own, it turns out to be complete galden, no order. Everything is different in the aristocratic one, a rich finish and a bar hut - chairs and armchairs are plush upholstered, and there are all that nonsense, and it seems that you play and play an organ, apparently a Catholic one. BE some only moments of all prayer that you read aloud and do the same with others. At the top of those praying in the hand of the book are prayer books Jewish, and on the head there is a hat or velvet yarmulke, on the shoulders there is a regiment striped shroud.During the first days of the holiday, all Jewish trade was closed, in the evenings I went daily to visit Jewish merchants selling leather goods; such products they are part of the purchase_______235_______whether I am leaving Moscow, going shopping to Moscow myself, or writing out my commissar Finger through my Berdychiv’s commander, I always live in Moscow permanently. At the end of the week, although the holidays continued, but the trade had already opened, I posited all my clients. BE Their trade of leather tanning shops in order to make an impression for themselves about the size of their sales turnover, and from this about their creditworthiness. Although almost none of them were sold on bills, they were exclusively sent with cash on delivery, and most of them had a good deposit, in case you don’t need to drink goods from the railway, i.e. do not pay cash on delivery and freight, so that the deposit is enough to pay for the transportation of goods back and forth. Although very rare, but still it happened. Exclusion was made to regular repetitive customers considered to be fully creditworthy. IME was sent without a deposit, or under the guarantee of Commissioner Finger, i.e. the last vouched, That such a thing can be sent with cash on delivery E no assignment; in case of * return of goods, liability for all expenses and losses of the fingerer took over.After the end of the feast Kucek, we are with. Leiboy I. of E Ber Dichev went to the White Church - this is not far from the Fastov slate. BE Kyivskiy okrugѣ. Mestechko in the view of the Jewish city. On the market day there. From the surrounding villages, a mass of peasants is being burned. Khokhlov - Malorossovs, on oxen drawn by long carts on high wheels in pairs, and also sells a lot of goods to Jews. Among this town or small town is a huge, dirty, not cobbled square, on which all trading is established in series. All, both sellers and buyers, have high boots above their knees, not excluding women. All and walk through the mud, a little youGun_______236_______dragging legs. We stopped to lodge in the only stone-built one-story hotel of the CE I2nd forged there. As soon as two hotels managed to occupy themselves and share one common room with two beds, just like now, several Jewish people came after us. Enter one by one and offer different services and goods, including live goods. But,. , taking away all these orders, to persecute them EVERYTHING without ceremony. Finally, by the rank of corridor nago, they ordered anyone with the offer. We should not be allowed in, we just ordered to find a good source, so that every day from morning to evening a pair of horses, dressed up in a bay, would stand at our hotel in our hotel, paying by the clock or for the whole day. For it’s impossible to walk in our city shoes and rubber galoshes - sidewalks. We need to discuss it in the officers ’meeting - the club, which is located opposite the hotel we are occupying, but on the opposite side of the square, therefore we have to cross to the cottage, as if through Lake E to a boat. Many Leiba m. Arranged to camp in this officer meeting, having gone there with me for the first time, but there was nothing for me, for they strictly complied with Jewish law prohibiting non-Jewish cutting. Yenya brought rituals from the Jewish Jewish kitchen, or they themselves ho Dil to have dinner in the Jewish dining room. The barracks of the 34th Dragoon Cava Leriysk Regiment, as well as the warehouses - pakhouse and stationery were located on the outskirts of this municipality of the White Church. Not far from the barracks there was also an office - the transport company of the Russian society. In the morning we went to the transport office, having learned that the goods had only just been two days, as a profit and all the storage you had. We had a meal at the chancellery, I met the head of the household and the treasurer. Dolo - lived or presented the invoice that we brought and asked for--—---.-_______237_______read the opening quickly. Now, if from a warehouse, it was caused by a capinen armus-guard. It turned out that the warehouse was ready, because for a long time the shoemakers had to sit down and wait for the goods. For sewing boots. We suggested that today or tomorrow morning, all the goods should be brought into the regimental warehouse / warehouse and at 10 a.m. On the way back, we again went to the transport office, instructed the manager of the office to immediately hire oxen and today not to bring goods into the regimental warehouse. So it was done.The next day, at the indicated at the hour, we appeared in the warehouse. The man has come. 5 shoemakers, soldiers and commissions from 3 officers. We examined the product and made up the act. Approve the whole product, wah. lose-kaplenarmus all counted, give a note to the treasurer, but to stѣ. du-әday day in the morning, a receipt was issued and an appropriation for money was issued. Moreover, the head of the party. economy. asked me to come inafter discussion for an additional order.Having received money from the Treasury, having paid the word Finkel Iten, i.e. giving him the price difference - the surplus owed in his favor, I went to see you tonight the clerk of the regiment for an additional order, with the right to delivery within six months. The next morning, from the White Church, Leib. Finkelstein stepped home to Berdichev, and at the same time I went to Loskva again on the railroad, in the 3rd grade, and all the money I received in Kamenetz-Podolsk and in the White Church, I hid BE long, with your legs, boots, under the stocking, tie layers to the legs and around. Day and night I didn’t take off my shoes, so bring up to two hundred and twenty thousand rubles to Moscow. I don’t remember why then you took all the money with you, or there wasn’t any banking yet, but a treasurerB•-_______238_______fromAt that time, the state states were not yet engaged in all private trade operations and did not send transfers from one treasury to another. To send by mail was considered very slow and with insurance, it was too expensive. Many instructions were given - upon receipt, take the money with you.It must be noted that at that time it was desirable. road cars were arranged without any convenience: were there separate coupes in the I-Am class, and the 2nd and 3rd were all cars open, with a corridor in the middle, and benches on the sides of this and the other side two, so sleep on a bench or on the floor, between the benchesB stretching is impossible; slept only crouching or sitting; it seemed more comfortable on the floor if anyone had a suitable bedding. Who slept on the floor, between the scam, “So he could sometimes stretch his legs to the side. , rise next 10 scam Bu. In this way. I risk taking a lot of money to CE in Moscow for that period, twenty thousand rubles for our company accounted for almost half of all our capital / - although you, together with the third grade, should have taken a lot to go to 2-m or I-m class, but, see , it seemed too big, it didn’t correspond to the case, there were, or maybe there were, reasons that the thieves would guess that I was going to the І-th class and I would lock myself up, then, probably, with money, and soon rob, and BE is 3rd classѣ, and without undressing, without taking off his shoes, power on the floor - no one will think that I have at least even a little money is with them. In this way, safely, half of October, I returned to Moscow with money. Upon returning to Loskva, I again had a hangover with the same woman of the Iversky Chapel, and I thanked the thanksgiving prayer of the Savior - to the body and the Blessed Mother.According to estimates, this day trip, the blood selling of its leatherttINset,_______239_______: goods., with the exception of all expenses, from Purchased soles and other things, gave net benefits up to one and a half thousand rubles. In addition, I brought new orders for sale goods and more. Our hood extraction workshop was already closed. We are Paul Paul. contacted the Oskov posadniks, appreciated a few of the masters II XE, finally bargained for favorable conditions for us and Ivan's value. Dmitrievich. Rebrovѣrm, which undertook to produce all the amount of extract required for us by the specified time, and to receive the money after receiving the money. from the colonel. Having secured, with the preparation of the goods, which I brought taken by order,Pavel F. sent me, on December, was it possible ?, BE Petersburg, to hand over the cut-down goods in St. Petersburg warehouse, taken from the contract for quantity. :In St. Petersburg, we were instructed to stay in the hotels of% Pariya, on Malaya Korskaya, near the main Quarterant, at Isakiev Cathedral, because all the contractors stayed at this hotel. At the same time, from E Nlskva, a pokhal, also for the delivery of goods, was made by Alexey Ilyich Vakhrushev and his clerk, Mikhaili Iva, a novice. Reds. Since I’ve never been to Petersburg and I’ve been sad for the first time, Pavel F. asked Alexey 14lich to help me understand the problems, but for the housekeepers and expenses we agreed to stay in one. But amerѣ with two rooms. My wife and I were assigned a dark bedroom, separated by drapery, the CE had a double bed, and Alexey Ilyich and 21.I. Krasnykh slept in a large room - the living room, where they had, for a fee, two single beds. In the morning, we men, all three, went to the Quartermaster’s warehouse, and Apollinariya Aleksѣevna was left alone. She was warned on the first day that if we were before 1 o’clockN>etag.four._______240_______we don’t come home to dine for a day, that means, we will win there, in the vicinity, at the warehouse. "And you sit here alone, eat the dining room downstairs, go there, or ask for a card and orders, what you want to submit to the measure." Podo: she gave us. up to 2 hours, I really wanted to; demanded a card. The last one turned out to be written in French, for the Paria hotel was kept in French, although it was well-spoken in Russian, but it was considered, for comfort, to be a French hotel. But nevertheless, Apollinaria Alekseevna, knowing from the gymnasium Latin letters, read: soup-pure. I ordered a portion of this soup, thinking, “Let’s have some chicken soup. In the evening we’ll get home all the way, then we’ll better go down to the dining room and have a full dinner.”Offitsіant in a coat and white gloves, handed over to her, in a nickel-plated nickname - whether silver-plated, with a good serving, and soup - pure. When the officer was yielle, she removed the lid from the bowl, began to look for the chicken - a piece, but it turned out - there wasn’t any chicken, but just a hundred little potato soup. It was annoying and embarrassing to HIMSELF that for one serving the room would cost 50 kopecks., For every meal the dish was superfluous, and even something would be cooked. “Like a soup, she never ate at home — she did not love him.” I ate a little with the bread, called, called the officer, ordered me to take everything back. I saw a window - opposite to the store of sausage editions - went down, bought ham and a loaf, ate, and then I demanded a samovar and poured tea, but I couldn’t go down to the dining room. In the evening we came. They once said; we went to dinner in the dining room of the hotel. I introduced Alexey Ilyich to the hostess who speaks Russian (and Alexey Ilyich was not here for the first time /. The hostess apologized that she had not guessed to send the Russian food card, but for the futureE_______241_______it was agreed that Apollinariya Alekseevna, when she was alone, would come to the dining room and personally contact the hostess and she would arrange everything. BE FURTHER ALL IN THE HOTEL AND ONE HUNDREDHOME POUL smoothly-Khoroo,In the Quartermaster’s warehouse, delivery lines were busy before us. Ivanov Ivanovich. Vakhrushev and Alexeyem} {lychem Vakhrushev, and many more after them. They both managed to hand over their goods before the Feast of the Nativity of Christ, and on Christmas Eve decided to go to Moscow, and many were scheduled to deliver on the 4th day of the COVE festival. I didn’t have a hangover and the rail stay in • Petersburg. They decided to sprinkle the end of their delivery and treat them to one of the people who have a relation to delivery delivery. The surroundings were ordered by BL Lalom. Yaroslavts, in a separate room, and then, until from the train’s turn, they came up with a call for a troika and swept into Strelna to check on alcohol. Overnight at 7-8 p.m., of course, there is nobody there and all these are Bo's. Nevertheless, they achieved it — they introduced a steward. They led us all to the Winter Garden, ordered a bottle or two of wine and a bottle for each soda water. Almost no one drank wine - most of the glasses remained full and they drank all the water. }} The Strelnyy went to the station and a little bit slept to the train. After spending them in Moscow, I, three of them, went to the hotel in Pariya. Saying goodbye, Alexey IlyichE said many: "You seem to ride all night, because you paid for the three for the whole night." I’m calling and calling Apol Linar Alexeyevna: “Have a ride on a rook in Nevsky for free, since the money has already been paid.” She didn’t lie - she called the corridor and sent to ask the three-wheeler driver how they had hired the shadi and whether she had been paid in full for the whole night. Corridor, speak to you; came back and declare that the coachman explained that he should only hireone_______242_______ to bring to Strelna and to put everything back to the station and to the hotel, and money has been received for this, Ozhid. Have tea. I had to give up and be reconciled. I sent him a tea, and nowhere to goIn Moscow, in my absence, Pavel F., for accountancy, I hired an employee from the volost clerks of the Vologda governorate - Suslov. Andrei Parf also has it. Vakhrusheva, Sasha Prozorov drove home to Slobodskaya, and Slobodsky, the son of the cook, Nikolai Fokleevich Kudryavtsev, was sent to his place. Kn BE from Moscow sent this Kudryavtsev. So as I take my due BE Petersburg goods from 2 factories: Fedor and Par fen Timofevich, but under one general contract, the delivery was taken in the name of Fedor T. Vakhrushev.At the end of the Christmas season, Moscow was again Alexey Ilyich, his wife, Sofia Mikhailovna. We decided from Paris hotel E. go to the Varvara hotel, closer to the quartermaster's. warehouses, and most importantly, cheaper: for the same price, we missed the best beam and the biggest room with 2 sore lights! And the rooms, with 2 double beds behind the virmas, and my assistant was a long bed behind the shmrmoy in my roomsѣ. We have once again placed such an image in the same room to our wives. it was more convenient for the two together to go around and walk through the shops of St. Petersburg. That surrender cha v literburgѣ is very unsuccessful.The reception at that time at the warehouse was very strict, and the goods, frankly, were poorly duplicated and heavy, Tolstoy, because our company had just begun official business and had poor faith in its good outcome, then we held that view - if we reject to treasury, so that it would be possible to sell privately.wayѣ, and on the private market, thin goods were valued at_______243_______ the price is guilty, but rather, they paid more. Of all the party I passed the interest. twenty; and then they suggested that we sort the very thing and show again only that product, which corresponds to the requirements of the requirements and the description of the Quartermaster. I reported all this to Moscow to Pavel and Andrei Vakhrushev. They telegraphically rejected: remove everything from the St. Petersburg Intendant's warehouse, pre-sort it yourself, select only a completely unsuitable marriage and send the marriage to private for sale, and send the entire, recognized by me, air conditioner for competition, send it to the warehouse. For St. Petersburg, it will be from E home sent to me that var. The invoices, which merge on the goods in the sorting order and the queues for them, should be retained for 30-40 days. Samim Nam was invited to enter Oskwa.Send goods to us, we went to Moscow before the Shrovetide. It took 2-3 weeks to get goods from St. Petersburg to Kiev, many were embraced, that was not long. on the 2nd post you will have to go to deliver the goods to Kyiv, and from there E Kamyanets-Podolsk and the White Church, for delivery to the additional shelves, taken by me without Teyba binkelshtein, contracts, because Vin Tyazhki has prepared and the other day they are sent, and galloon and stuff - you have to go buy it. It is recommended that you search for one on Nikolskaya Street, in the courtyard of ChiғoEscago 10 palaces. So there are small shops of different. Near-Moscow bush rei or small manufacturersь. I’ve sent, I really found everything I need and for prices it’s 3-4 times cheaper than the price list of the welt. For example: a galloon, which, according to Dementia’s price list, can be ordered at 4 kopecks, I buy it at II / 4 kopecks, and so on. I’ve bought everything according to samples, directly packed and delivered it to the warehouse of the transport society of Russia, and I went there, gave Rossі -_______244_______ to the consignment note to the society - some, the box numbers I have indicated are for me - BE Kamenetz-Podolsk, and the rest of the boxes are for the White Church. We held the Pancake week on 1 November, while Apollinariki Alekseevna looked almost pregnant for a walk or a kataniya during her pregnancy. Tue A clean monday in Loskva, on the left side of the bank of Moscow, on the embankment, from the Noskvoretskago-Balchigskogo bridge to the Educational Home or to the Yauzskogo bridge there is a bazaar - a Lenten market. All lenten products are sold: mushrooms, mushrooms, mushrooms, salted fish, fresh fish, whole vegetables14 Vegetable vegetables, souvenir fruits, lean sugar, copper, large cereals, dishes, and so on. Apollinariya Alekseyev on, cleanly on weekends, went to this guest market, looked at its grandeur and abundance of goods, who had never seen anything like it before in Vyatka, bought everything necessary for the Great Lent table, brought it home to the apartment, transferred everything safely, HER on Tuesday night gave birth to the first daughter Antonina.On Tuesdays morning, she asked the midwives for more air to be provided for the puerperan, and therefore, because of the drapery-corridor, they dragged her with a bed to the hall, not for the first time: Paul F.'s office once. Wanting to keep at least one room clean for guests — walking along the road, or for guests, about 2 days later, they proposed to arrange for us a bedroom in the dining room — a large bright room: one bedroom, BE corner, put a doublepigthe deadline for the cavalry will be manufactured and delivered to the city of Podolsk at a price of 36 rubles. They immediately handed out a note, a prepared order or order. V. Go Squat, I returned before I IIaskha. Having been with the Iveron Mother of God, we prayed. We went with. Pavlo M. ed. In the actual Dementu factory. I first explained to Pavel F. that it would be doubly unprofitable to give us an outfit of dementia, for taking 2000 rubles from it. benefits, you will forever interrupt with regiments all relations; in the future, they will not rely on us anymore, and even the shoe goods will be written out through Dement, and we will repent, as in the 5th, as Leyba Finkelyn Teyn, overboard, has a trough. Flattered to take it once. 2800 compensation, we will never again see any cases with shelves. Ilawel F., with my arguments, agreed. The guests of Dement were asked to show us his cavalry skills in nature, as well as to review such a description on the breech. There they brought to the office a saddle and description; I inspectedand they told Pavel F. that exactly the same saddle was presented ““ but also to the regiment. We told Dement that a compensation of 2000 rubles. takewe don’t wish, or rather, we can’t, because we have an outfit: for the saddle there is a joint CE sap on goods, which. We already have our own factory and we will have our own in this regard along with this, and it is also advisable to deliver it to us on our behalf. Dement without hesitation: “I understand. On your place I wouldn’t blame it. Of course, it would be interesting for me to get in touch with the regiment myself, but if you don’t want to, then from Volta - take it from me, as I already they appointed de chevle the price list, that is, 31 rubles each with delivery at my expense to the shelves in the European region of Russia._______247_______ outfit at my prei skurantnoy price, then you will have a net benefit for 2000 rubles. * I say: "But how can we guarantee that if some of the work is not conditional and will not be accepted." Dement reassures that there will be no marriage. “You yourself are suppliers of the Quartermaster’s, you know that intentionally no one can cut or make a conditional product. It’s not profitable for us to bring it from one end of Russia to the other and vice versa. But if you are so careful, write a home condition between you that I’m Vam zarrodal 400 saddle of a cavalry specimen, conditional according to the approved Quartermaster’s specimen and description, CE delivery to the location of the regiment indicated by you at my expense, and if some or all of them turn out to be inconsistent with the Quartermaster’s description, I own account I undertake to exchange immediately. Besides this, I don’t send anything to the log, but also, I don’t take money in front of you, I’ll get SE in your ear after you finish making the shelves, that is, when you receive it yourself. so that all of the chorosis is taken at a time E "Zol. to doubt and talk with us was not very. They asked to write a Home Agreement, which is mutual, i.e. Both parties signed. IIri this, when I saw in his warehouse a household economic saddle with cabarets, double felt sweatshirts and a blue feather pillow, I asked for a price. It turned out 60 rubles. I say: "Doro is racing; but when I give you your food and bring you money for 400 money, then I hope you will give it up cheaper." He smiled and said: “It is completely wrong, but whose half a year is far, I will give it to Bam right away.” He called the clerk and said: “Now pack it in boxes and send it to the Kokorevsky farmstead, warehouse? 2І, to Bakhrushev.”about_______248_______After Easter, I went to Kremenchug by sending goods before delivery to Easter. To my visit, there were only a few leftovers from Socks and from Kiev. Having connected all the places, I entered into the Nentendar’s warehouse, soon I received the queue safely all, almost without marriage, I took off and started on May, I returned home to Moscow. Be this time baby Fedor Tim. summon Paul Fed. home to Vyatka. I stayed for the owner’s gavnago 21oConsciousness of independents. The deliveries I took to the shelf that were given to our company, apart from their indigenous factory business, a side income of a few thousand rubles and the benefit of a good, well-made Anaya. the delivery of goods and the Quartermaster’s warehouses BE Kiev and Kremenchug, I was inspired and rabbily mod energy and desire for commercial business. I realized that in ko Amercheskolі dѣlѣ, it’s well established, sometimes it’s a coincidence to give earnings WITHOUT several thousand rubles, and sometimes tens of thousands of rubles, and such an amount the officials were educated in the provinces, receiving 1500-2000 rubles. per year, never can. and there are similar cases of earnings. / With us, the publishers of the district council or district mayors receive from 1,500 to 2,000 rubles. in year./.Pavel F., during his spring home, in spring, took advantage of the case and, in order to justify himself to his father, that last year you could not get to know Stepanom in Moscow, ultimately demanding. to leave in Moscow one of the two - either Stepan, or him, IIav la - all told in detail to the Redor Tivm. about my desires and successes, and emphasized: “If you had time, you wanted to extrude Alexander and his family. If they had 5000 rubles: we wouldn’t have them_______249_______it was a matter of business, and if they would have slaughtered with him, or a thread - it is only known to God. And now tѣ 5000 r. we remain in business, and on top of that, his son E, as you see yourself, doesn’t do anything “worse than the others and, at the same time, provided for — Almost five thousand rubles were earned for the company from third-party goods, and it wasn’t theirs for yourself, but everything went to your common cause. "The old man said:" Verno. Lastly, most of all, for the sake of the fact that the youth of the floor is on our way, do not drag everything, each Smoke into your car, and, like bees, carry a single leu. If God gives, you will unanimously work without me, after my death you will not last, you will not withhold one from the other, then, believe me, soon Basya will have sick kalgals and, with time, prepare each one for the plant and for the dolik. Then continue if you want. Tell on my behalf this to Peter, and if God. give, I still live, then I’ll tell him myself. The main thing is that you have to respect and obey each other, especially the young Kh-shi ... When Vati is growing up and seeing how you relate to your parents and your old age, then they will need children to follow them and serve as an example; when they grow up, they will be remembered and will likewise relate to Emt. Tell all this to Peter, and that I am very pleased and glad that in the past 3-4 years I didn’t separate them, listen to your varieties and, most importantly, God helped me a lot - you need to be patient in your time, to beat your family and push in parts from yourself. This would be a bad example for all the rest of you, my sons. "While Pavel F. was in the spring, the first steamboats from Vyatka brought BE to the goods. I brought: I. X to the Moscow warehouse, quickly passed, the author half of them: Their goods were sent to Peter-T•TOr1t_______250_______ burgskі іt Quartermaster's warehouse. He informed the Legs of the 4th house about the Moscow surrender, and that soon it was necessary to go to somebody in Petersburg for surrender. Whether he expected to give the proclamation of Paul., Or a mess of many, without waiting; How to leave private trade in Moscow. If you’ve got such a telegram at home, kid say: “Well, enough, Pavel, stay at home, Come on, and then there. Petrushka is already worried, you can’t leave alone. You go to Moscow, there you can decide where it is convenient for you to go - so do it. " Pavel confirmed that it is necessary to harass to Toskva: "But there is no difference in the tomtom, which is where to Go, for I am confident for him, just as for myself - whether I will BET Teterburg, or stay in But well - that it’s possible, so don’t do anything worse than others. And if something is impossible, then they cannot do it either, and I will not do it, and they will not be able to do the other either. " The next day, I’m getting a telegram that “Pavel speaks today. If you wait in Petersburg with the Queues, you’ll go to Ilova 31 on Moscow, if the queues are scheduled soon, go ahead and wait.” But, the queues have not yet arrived, and I, waiting for Pavel F. EE about the well, pissed off two weeks after his arrival in Petersburg.On going to Toskva, Pavel O. told many of his outstanding conversation with his father. Before leaving, still on the road, a little fellow say: “How will you have it with friends for free, so let Peter and I go home without a meal, see my parents and I, old man. Hivotomi and scratch GOD OWNERSHIP - once again: Do not give in, do not interrupt, and Apollinariya Alekseyevna only last year, and missed, I missed my parent and I missed, and beat out again, maybe I could not leave for 11 years.fromone:_!r1I AMpromised that upon completion of the ME EC ѣ Endorsement contracts,_______251_______I suppose it’s possible to go down in the 1st calf or August. ”I reject:“ But who will prepare PE goods? BE September, in fact, you’ll have to send them and ѣhat to Khamenets-Podolskt and the White Church. "Ilavel, say:" Don’t respect the old man: don’t stay long at home; show him a few other times; he and sa: T: it’s going to put the hat back, so that there would be no harm to the cause. "I went to St. Petersburg for a couple of weeks, and then another two weeks to go to Andrei Para. I’ve got a little hell. Because we have all the changes. whether there was two birms together, Andrei Parf. on his own didn’t go anywhere by delivery, did he eat tench, sending me, or si Pavloian F., BE look? tonne nickname, his clerk N.F. Kudryavtsev. That this: 3E, because of curiosity, I decided to go for a ride. Eat quickly 08.- We managed, finish the contract and returned HER Ioskva to July.Then IIAvel). suggested a lot: "Posture until now, a little more free, but hurry back! You ended July with your wife and 5 months old and your child went on that way. That is Nizhnyat, and from Niznat to Vyatka on the Yatskomf Bulychevsky girakhokhodѣ, like the storages, that’s preferential for the tariff, that is, CI PacЕ Ezi Nіali for ѣzdѣ for the 3rd class, and they sucked us for a second-class E-0. We spent 10-12 days on the occasion of shallow water. milk, all the time different. The child suffered a disorder of the stomach. They brought the child to the list of all the sick. Showed and to the doctor, he gave medicine, and so the patient was taken to the village.Escort came from a noskva letter about STE Plta Bm b. That at some of his servants SusloE voluntarily left the service, taking an insignificant amount to erase, but to capture part of the secret documents and a copy book by correspondence from Moscow to the backwater. Eat untilfromChe onІ.fromATGT x 1Pfrom.........and....four._______252_______the horns were sent a slalom letter asking him to send him a good certificate about his servicesѣ in our companyѣ, and that he left the service voluntarily by mutual agreement. In the event of a refusal, days, with the documents available to him, to do at his own discretion that the company is not to blame. Pavel F. openly write to his father what this is about. Suslov can cause enormous damage to our company and ask me to immediately send me to visit the Vologda province, my homeland to Suslov, and to agree with him to take all our documents from him. Dyadushka eredalny mnѣ this letter and said: “If you think it necessary, you should probably go right away. Take with you a reserve of money. Five hundred rubles. You will see for yourself if you consider it necessary, you will redeem him for the day, otherwise he and in the future I’ll blackmail and extort through the threat, I took money and went for a horse hire. eaten Yin asked him why. When you didn’t say anything about us, we should leave the service and make an unanimous settlement at all. He explained: “Soon after your departure, I received a letter from my house asking me to give you a place to serve I’ll be a clerk at home, which is much more interesting for me. But many people needed the rude treatment of Pavel F. Knowing his stubbornness that they wouldn’t let me go on the good side, she wouldn’t let me go until you return, and he wouldn’t be far away from the certificate, but his cowardice, I decided to hijack him by hiding a copy book and writing him a letter from the road. "I ask:" What do you want now? "Suspend to say:" Only certify how-.-.*,,,--- - --_______253_______letters, and your word that you, or your company, will not harass me for unauthorized leaving without warning and without. calculation, because I have a few tens of rubles left your company owed. Besides this, there’s nothing you need. "I say:" Well, I’m all of this for you. Now be a dummy, and you will bother to transfer all your documents that are available to you. ”Suslov say:“ They left me on 14 October at the outside man, who, at my request, you should immediately send them to your Moscow office. I did not dare bring them with me, afraid that you would come here with police and search. It’s a lot to the detriment of my current sense of hearing in the volost government, and I was also afraid that it would greatly upset and upset my father, and I wanted to deceive this. "Having talked about this topic for another half an hour, I see that there is no other way out, we need to be embittered, accept all of his non-bold demands and trust - it is possible to keep his word, to return everything that is common. For he personally does not have any value, and for us, or for our company, these documents, being in his hands, are a threat that we can not make any claims against him. I gave him the required certificate and certification, writing his dictation about money or redemption, neither one or the other side initiated a conversation. They kindly said goodbye; they took me to the end of the tree and at the last farewell said one more time: “Please do not worry, you will not do any troubles on my part. It’s even shameful and annoying that you personally had to bother me, to send us a call You’ve just wanted to scare just one Paul F. Only against him personally did I have a little bitterness, and now that's all.x_______254_______ It’s passed. ”On this and parted.Spent, all reported dushushkѣ, returned the money. They said: “cheaply departed. If these ends, so thank God, but this is a science ahead - you have to be careful with strangers. Look for Moscow for an employee or a boy, if necessary, among your relatives or friends, Sloboda Skikh or Vyat inhabitants, and from a well-known, good, honest family, and not such a voluptuous clerk to us. Secret and valuable things should be kept under lock and key, and in letters, and even with blue copies, not everything should be written: вѣдѣ 2-3 see each other once a year; what cannot be written, can we talk Well, here I am Vasya, then I call this or that one home once or twice a year, maybe you sometimes don’t like it, but I find it necessary: ​​I’m already old, I can’t just write everything you need to tell, and personally talk about everyone, you’ll hear your opinion and answers, sometimes you’ll be convinced that I thought well in my own way, but it turns out that I was wrong and you’re overwhelming, you’ll change your mind. Russian proverb: “Be good and two are better.” I’m trying hard: when I die, I won’t carry it with myself. "Upon going home from Loskva, my wife and I found that our bedroom was occupied by Stepan. F. and Alexandra Stepanovna, a bed, dressers, etc. pantry, and the piano cost BE the same roomѣ_______255_______while studying double-entry bookkeeping on lectures received from Moscow, from the holder of the same courses. - Ivanova, also for the great order of keeping factory books on double Italian accounting. He reported to Fedor Timo that now you are conducting the Moscow books as well as never before. With this kind of accounting, we go to the plant every month, from the balance sheet sent, we see how many feces in the Moscow office are the first number of a month of goods and money at the cash desk. Fedor. Tim. listen, say: “It may be very good, but I don’t understand anything when I send the balance, and I think I’ll waste time in vain, write it. When I have my people sitting there, I’m calm - nothing will happen, but they’ve taken a stranger, Suslov, weren’t happy with him, but now, if you think that Yves. Al, Kazenin leads books in choirs and for business, both Pavel and Peter are happy, I’m very happy "Let it continue. Apparently, it’s not for nothing that money is paid for science. You scientists understand each other, but I’m an old, illiterate person and therefore I don’t understand your balance sheet, but I won’t know you either. "By the way, Suslov not only for the first 2-3 months did not send the stolen documents, but ten years passed, nothing came of it - neither documents, nor new requirements, and even, not remembered. We also forgot about him and did not remind him of ourselves or of the documents.Upon arrival from home on 14th of September, during September, when I was at Nyal ot Rebrov, I ordered all the hoods for the regiment that I prepared: I prepared all my shoe products, followed them up and sent them. the cop, and at the end of September, praying at the Iversky Chapel, ITO.._______259_______ with Apollinarіya Alekseevna left at will. dear Kamenets PPodolsk to the station Proskurov, and then again on horseback. In Kamenetz-Podolsk, they again stopped in the same tavern - at the coaching inn on Polskie Volverkakh, in the same best room, a red lighted lamp. The next morning, we went to the central city, due to the absence of Orthodox churches, we entered the Catholic church, put candles, and prayed a little. We went into the transport office of the Russian society. Having learned that the product is already being sent by horses from E Proskurov in Kame nets Podolsk, I have been instructed to deliver it directly to the folklore, in the warehouses of the 35th dragoon regiment, and from the second receipt to the 36th regiment. We went into the local theater, learned that 2 times a week to go operetka. Took the tickets. Went to explain BE Polsko-Russian restaurant. There we especially drew our attention and liked the Little Russian dumplings with cottage cheese to your taste, you are sour cream and butter, because we didn’t know this food in Moscow and Vyatka before and never did.In the evening, again, there was a city, a theater. There was an operetta of "Tirofle - Giroflya", also not seen before by us - very much to us. I liked it. After a few days the goods arrived; immediately a direct commission of 3-XE officers and several kihi saloyaniks would be organized. All boot goods were quickly accepted. I, as I had handed it over earlier, didn’t worry about proceeding well; I was sure ahead of me that everything would come down well. But I was not at rest how to take saddles. For I have never done anythingsupplied and did not see how to accept them. ІPredIDagal that to bring your saddle for the sample and will read the official description, and begin to compare each of our every, recountFROMg_______260_______ every strap and every buckle. It turned out that the next morning, 400 cavalry horses were brought, with each horse a soldier. All the boxes were unpacked immediately. The officer is commanding: send horses; quickly all our new saddles were on horseback, and walk. All 400 soldiers on horseback, with music, rode through the tunnels and through town 25 versts. After about 2 or 3 hours, the music returns to the same warehouse again. Go out to meet the manager and the household; he should report to the officers, having been soldiers and soldiers, that the tested job yielded favorable results, there were no defects. The head of the department turned to me: “Congratulations on a good change. The musicians, I hope, play for the supplier, and they treat the musicians. "I thanked the manager of the household and asked the bandmaster to play the people of us. The officer was on guard duty. Everyone who listened to ME was very well tuned. I gave the music they asked me to bring in - to treat all four hundred people to Enoch on a roll. The next day I got a full payment In both regiments and we left from Kamenets Podolsk BE White Church. Name from Proskurov had to go back to the north, for example I’ll have to go to Kiev, before packing, from there to the Bila Tserkva, and we decided to go to our feet, to Novo-Nikolaevsk, on the shores of the Black Sea, and from there, by sea, make our way to Odessa, and from Odessa, by train ., in the direction of fastov, drive through the White Church, for we knew that the Great Church hadn’t arrived yet, since we’ve sat in the White Church without. 2 weeks, for Ohiding goods, we’d better go for a drive at this time, We will see the sea and Odessa, which we have not seen before.In Amenets -Ilodolskѣ, before leaving, we are in the market dayone.examined Polish Folsverkah near our apartment._______261_______: trade for the marketplace. Little Russian peasants and peasant women, in bright costumes, and Jews between them, both among the buyers and among the sellers. Among the goods. - beat me: mountains of melons and watermelon, and big and high baskets of different fruits: apples, pears, plums, grapes and so on; just like in our bazaar sѣzernyh provinces, potatoes, peas or onions are sold. Never having seen such an abundance of fruit in the past and their cheapness - all this made a great impression on us; our attention was also greatly attracted by the enormous, without fur, with pink shiny skin pigs, freely walking around the bazaar, through all the flavors, and even around the city. They are so beautiful and attractive that we admired them, and then, unfortunately, they didn’t breed pigs on the outskirts of the little folklore, bathed or wallowed in the dirty onions of the black earth, we were disgusted and scared to look at them, afraid to pass by - they didn’t hurt if Nasi wouldn’t stain the suit, it’s how you вы got so dirty with black earth dirt and turned on from head to toeit is remarkable that only one eyes glisten and the snout grunts.Coming to NovonikolaevskE, we were forced to stay for a day until the steamboat departing BE Odessa. They visited the Orthodox Church, and in the evening went to the theater, examined the whole city and the marina - everything seemed to us vigilant, like ordinary provincial kin, only standing at sea and having choirs and see the sea.On the next day, we left on a steamboat v. Odessa: for us it was unexpected news that the fare was paid, and the cost of one ticket included full maintenance on the steamer, i.e. full boarding house, and a 2-seater cabin.Once in Odessa, we were delightfully astonished wonderfullyP.f_______262_______.:sTT41Odessa from the sea, especially the wide and high marble stairs in the port; From the pier itself, a grandiose widest staircase rises to a high mountain on the embankment. Then this staircase was still new, apparently only recently you were built, everything sparkled with novelty; we are not alone, but the entire audience that fell on 4 and the audience admired. Upstairs, the staircase ended with a huge CE marble terrace with marble sofas and rich Fa restaurant, open terraces with tables and flowers in front of the terraces. In the evenings, plays music and gathers the audience to listen to music with a cup of coffee and loveSea view.Ish stayed at the hotel in Odessa for three days. After almost a morning, churches swept through the city, watched a few incidents, and in the evening every day were in theaters - opera and drama. Opera theatre. were new, just completed and very well finished; although before that we had already seen theaters ѣ Ple terburg До and D ѣ well ’, but the Odessa Theater, in luxury, we liked better than the capital's. What went into opera and drama, we don’t understand now; but then it was only in our memory for a long time that a dramatic theater was launched, after a serious play, an easy one-act vaudeville performance was staged: An Italian Party. !! We squandered a lot and thought about it for a long time.M.:A. 124.11vaudeville.- From Odessa we arrived at the White Church, we stayed again in the same hotel, where I had stayed earlier with Deiba Oiseevich. Finkelsteinѣ. Apollina riya Alekseyevna was surprised that if you had to wait for clubs, you had to transfer across the square to a steam room. Vechethat uoneEEnetgf_______263_______rom there you club we went to an amateur performance. Did the officers’ family play the Golden Lizard?There was no Orthodox Church in the White Church, we visited the Catholic Church. For the delivery of goods and settlements with the regiment, I ended the day you are four. We sang to Moscow, but along the way we had to stop in Kiev, because Apollinarii Alekseevna had expensive bleeding and miscarriages: ЗЕ pregnancy. They stayed in Kiev in the hotel against the station, and here they found a midwife who undertook the appropriate test. Having recovered our health, we moved to the hotel on Khreshchatyk, in which we decided to live for two days. Did they inspect the sophisticated Orthodox Church of Sofia? the cathedral, BE of which the painting is filled with the rear banner of the artist, our countrymen E-Vyatich. Vasnetsov ayat. Then, on several occasions, we planted the St. Pechersk Lavra, prayed at the entire Davra Church, examined all the caves through which all CEs went with wax candles, because there was no electricity, nor was there any other mark. Everyone who wants to: inspect or pray at the Cave Church, the monk is accompanied by a monk walking ahead with a flashlight, and behind a cornfield. Walk in a group of 10-20 people goose go! E, one by one, because the corridors are narrow and long; you are two in a row: it’s not possible to go through; all of this made a pleasant religious impression on us.V. IHoskvu we returned to the Decabre month. By this time, Prіkhalӣ BE took Moscow to Apollinarii Al., Valeryan Alek sѣevich Rukavishnikov, a recruit - a soldier. They were numbered to serve in Moscow, V. Stralkovo, and the Grenadier infantry. regiment, for three years as an ordinary soldier. In the previous year, on 21st Moscow, I was taking princezaal en sarschiy, Mikhail Alekseevichfrom_______264_______“Rukavishnikov for the study of watchmaking. Having worked for Chekunov for 11 years as one-boy, under the guidance of the heads of the master, Nihail Al. returned to Vyatka and worked with his father as a BE watchmaker, a master specialist. We are with. Apol Linear Alexeyevna, on Sundays, the last day, having won. At home, on Tue 2, the first year went to Jiniel Al. Rukavishniko woo, and the second year - to Valerian Al. Rukavishnikov to the barracks. They took one or the other with them, and whether in the daytime, the theater. For at 10 wells, on Sunday, almost all the best theater and circuses, not excluding operas, were staged during the winter, and since you were forbidden to go at night, we took advantage of the event, went around during the day, almost every Sunday 2-XE to 6-6 I / 2. After the theater, they came with sins, to us in a quarti ru, to sit with us tonight and have dinner with us.Before Christmas, in the middle of December, I made a donation to the Don, liquidate the gatekeeper with the merchant. М ѣ sninkin, who *, having bought goods from us on 21st of May, communicated to send money from Rostov, but having received Rostov варь vari, found it unsatisfactory ѣ and began to demand a discount of 500 rubles. Upon arrival in Rostov, I inspected the rejected goods and I, convinced him that his claim was only partially fair, and therefore agreed to voluntarily reduce the discount to two hundred rubles. I stopped to lodge at the tannery merchant - Muscovite, nephew of Ivan Gerasimovich I'erasimov, c. Which I, we in Moscow were very friendly and led trade business. You Moscow I EOZbratilsya on uniPos. Christhood. During the holidays, we went to pray for great services in the Church of Christ the Savior, in the “Holy Cathedral”, and in the entire Church of Srems, as well as in the Church of St. Basil the Blessed. On the day of the Epiphany,_______265_______JVI liturgy in: his parish church on Pyatnitskaya near Ioan - to a restorer, whipped up breakfast at home, and. Scscak E KE zuv all sent to the St. Petersburg or St. Sophia dialer and from there they admired the procession from the Assumption Cathedral to the orku ѣ для для for water sanctuary. From all ѣ xE / supposedly / the whole city of Voskva, after the liturgy, church services were gathered together with the Blessed Virgin of the Holy Cross, CE of the Assumption Cathedral, and to: the head of the CE of NAtropolitov, all the priests went to the White Robe, in pairs, from the Cathedral two paths to the river, and in front of them there were banners carrying elegant silver and galunamy caftans, carried a mass of banners, some metallic, heavy, and carried 4-6 people, many of them were bought: at that time in Moscow, among the merchants for pain: it’s an honor to get into the Noscevt Artillery Hall - as if it were an honorable service. For the banner and went tѣv chie in the dressed outfits, and then the clergy. It was such a grand, solemn procession that it was pleasant to pray and look at even from the opposite bank of the hole. Vokorevsky Compound. The entire embankment, along with the roki ryki and on the Oskvoretsky bridge, and even on ice; to be completely full - it’s full! Pray for the people .. On descents to the ice stand completely and let in a limited amount of 30 to the ice so that the ice does not break off. A water ceremony is held for half an hour, but the banners and clergy go back and forth for at least two hours. Then go from the gathering, call the whole church, and when you return the Jordan to the Assumption Cathedral, you shoot from the cannons 101 you shoot....four_______266_______ In the previous year, when we left Christmas in St. Petersburg, they advised us to go to the church and go to Gordany with the participation of the Sovereign; they called us that it would be better to have better clothes than before. I’ll send it with you! but with painful work they squeezed only onto the bridge near the Palace, and then in the back row, almost did not see anything, only at the end of the water supply did they hear the cannon fire.BE December, the month of 1838, when I was in Rostov-on-Don, passing through 3. Livad іn V. ІІiterburg, Sovereign IperatorAlexandri 3rd stayed for 1-2 days in Moscow. Apollinarіya Alekseevna, having learned the hours of his arrival, was sent in advance. KE of the Iverian Chapel, so that when the Tsar passes, he always recognizes: The Iversk Chapel, to personally see Gosu giving during the passage of the Iberian 11 chapel to Ereml. For this, she stopped between the Iverskaya Chapel and St. Nicholas, at the Church of the Kazan Boykie dateri, on the pavement BE! m. row. She stood and waited for two hours, and next to her stood an old woman - a peasant. The weather was very cold, the old woman's legs were very chilly, for she had no galosh. The old woman took off her woolen clothes, housework, mittens and put her feet on the sidewalk, and Apollinariya Alekseyevna was warm and beautiful, and her coat%, although she was also very cold, but everyone was waiting for the Tsar’s passage with. I was very happy with the state and the whole retinue, and upon my return, BE Lio squared the excitement of the homies and told me many of her impressions, I regretted that at that time I was not HER Moscow, because I personally neither before nor later, I did not see . The emperor. Alexander the 3rd.E_______267_______-TP-LEі.•y;tLatAt the beginning of 1889, in the winter, I drove off to hand over the goods, once E BE Kremenchug, and Pavel Fedorovich to raise for delivery to the Quartermaster's warehouses in Vinsky and Voronekh, which I am !! no matter how long. In the Il'eterburg warehouse, the change was handed over on the basis of the conditions of the diet: 0 {{to Vanovich Filipovo, which? at. the last bystoyanostoyanis E koғam issionerom. - the supplier of goods for them in St. Petersburg 1: 1 Redant warehouses and in the tiorskoe house almost from all contractors. R. Kievsky and Eremenchugsky and the warehouse, after my departure to Vyatka, began to go for delivery to Ivan Alekseyevich Kazenin, as long as I remained with Pavel Fedorovich. In the spring, if Maся tsya tsѣ, ya Apollinarіe Alekfevna and with. Nikolay Zakhilievich Vakhrushev who had just graduated from Slobodskoye City School and taught ME BE Squeezed to the feet of the OCTINNERS Andrey Parfenovich, all three of them left E 21 from Kazan for delivery of goods to Kazan Quarterly warehouse. Ot locKEy to Nizhnyago Novgorod and Yesali 110 g. / d., and Іѕї Kazan on painfully Zodkhskoil shipѣ.Before leaving Moscow to Kazan, we telegraphed to Vyatka namaz ол Apollinarіy Alexѣevna ѣ Rukavina. Ova, so that I could drive Sazan to. Vyatskoe steamboat seems to be on mi. Indeed, she arrived, almost simultaneously with us, and lived with us in Hitler's rooms. We have omitted everything from Ni - Kola prisoners. Then we were completely astonished at our appetite - tone, 3Features on dumplings, 7 Ikolai Vasilyevich. In Ros sіl dumplings in hotel-restaurants were served not portions mi, but account B. lid cЕ Atollinari to her Alex. sometimes ordered dumplings - for two hundred hundred pieces, and! Nikolay Vas. I ordered% for one hundred. Served in broth, BE dist. Mis(DandtoYesE.KETT 11tikAnd Tft? ".chat.from.: „Te sag;_______268_______. . kah. IIoca we will have time to two in two pieces. 60-70; Nick. You. Eat all your hundred and see what we have. It remains - to reach our 20-30 pcs. But, it must be noted that, as we have in Vyatka, almost all of Russia travels, when you take dumplings, you don’t rely on a piece or any other dishes, and most of them aren’t supposed to give them food. In such a case, Amalnyl's hole was considered to be one hundred per person, especially among the sir biryakor.V. Kazan, we lived for three weeks, we surrendered safely. ilo holidays I went to Panaevskii Garden in the theater and there was also an open stage. Once, sitting in front of an open scene - but in the garden, we listen to the couplet, telling him poems for song, criticizing and ridiculing his mother-in-law / that they have cooked BE for introducing a quarrel into the son-in-law’s quarrel and all this, in general in the house - so everything is up DAY. Iozadi nas, suddenly a male streak is heard: "Wrong, yes, the mother-in-law’s noncha honored." I looked around - I see, saying this is the familiar anc Slobodskoy merchant Alexei Matvichy Bloslydtsev. / Its dates were on the banks of the Vyatka river near the Sloboda Manege. In the last years this house was bought by Ivanѣ - Nikolaevich. By uditsiny l. The whole audience looked around - to look at A.M.Bulo - Sludtsev, whose sub-basement was: “Yes, it’s probably wrong that those qi are held in high esteem, especially the rich”. The whole audience began to applaud A.M. Bloslidtsev, but the couplet on the stage at first with 24 disappeared, apparently he wanted to declare his insult, but to see that the whole audience was laughing merrily and applauding not to him, but to Slodetsev, - he quickly found himself and said in agreement: “I’m prone! .181 applause and thank you for the new topic. Please follow Sunday: I will bring you butFROME:Eseat::_______269_______couplets: Honor mother-in-law. "Then the audience frantically began to produce verse truth.To finish all our trading affairs in Kazan, we spent Up. Al.Rukavishnikov on the Vyatka steamerѣ in Vyatka, and themselves,! threesomes, you did. through Nizhny Novgorod to Moscow.. Before traveling to Kazan and upon returning from Kazan to Moscow, Apollinaria Alexey and I tried to use our free time among the weeks to visit the sights of Moscow. They visited the Kremlin’s big palace, the Grand Twisted and the Armory Chambers in the Kremlin, and the Romanov’s boyar on Varvark. On holidays in the morning, they tried to sit in turn all the Kremlin churches: Miracles. Monastery, Assumption, Archangel Cathedrals, the Cathedral of Christ the Savior and the Cathedral of St. Basil the Blessed, and the chapel of the Savior at the Moskvoretskago bridge; and after winter, theaters went to the daytime theaters on holidays, and sometimes they went on small steamers to the Vorobyovy Gory; They were arranged on holidays, at the foot of the grief, on the banks of the Moscow river, people walking, round dance of factory youth, girls and young guys. Also, sometimes a chorus of 30–40 people was held — all, all Russian one-color — red or blue — shirts with a black belt and tassels, a bar and a black hat, and black pants, high lacquer boots, all the same on the headѣ. Such a ferret was set in circles, folk songs were sung, and round tables were arranged with benches and chairs. Previosity of Moscow: the public, for the most part the middle class merchants, arranged for tea at these tables, since the owners or organizers of the table were local near the property_______270_______. . . peasants. On holidays they brought 5-6 samovars, all dishes, milk, heavy cream, butter, eggs, and secretly to their daughter. Coming with the whole family, arrange in advance 5-6 hundred rejoices. As the passage from 14th of Kiev to the foot of the Vorobyov Gory steamship p. 100-200 people of the public, all the samovar ladies run to the wharf and invite the public, each to drink some tea, for. bite and listen to dances and look around. Some people sometimes bring alcoholic drinks with them, many have a picnic at these samovars, and spend the whole day dancing. Some are taking a little richer meal and treat the deed and the whole dance and give them money for jewelry. It’s a more affluent audience and more intelligent to go straight to the Vorobevy Gory steamboat to the restaurant, where there is a huge terrace with a view of the Oskva city. The restaurant has an open stage, billiard room and, in general, all the accessories of an expensive metropolitan restaurant, with electric lighting. This afternoon. Muscovites said they had a shell and a sterlet’s ear with quilts and stuff, and at night they found out on their own trotters and threesomes - Echkina’s fellow, a landlord specifically for donating triples and reckless people for a country trip / rich youth to go fishing and go fishing. Moscow | during the night’s sanctification / Vorobyov’s grief, from where, in 1812, the view was admired:Oskva Nalіoleon. Personally for us. at that time, it was accessible and even interesting to visit and watch the outdoor entertainment at the door of the grief: round dances, festivals and tea party, and most importantly - a proka. - to swarm along Loskvѣ-rѣkѣ on a steamerѣ. It was not affordable for us to attend an expensive restaurant, but to admire the view. Moscow could be not only from the terrace of the restaurant, but it was also goodeleven_______271_______all of Moscow is visible from the entire Vorobeva horn. According to the Sparrow’s sacrifices, the grief on a daily basis, and especially on holidays, was so great that there was a special shipping company with a capital of 200,000 rubles, more than 6 ships and up to 12 pcs. longboat. The last one was filled with the audience, as well as a parody for towing 2 longboats with them, from Kokorevskoy farmstead to Vorobyevka grief and back, 20 kopecks. smiling man. After 3-4 years after our return from Moscow, all the shares of the shipping company are the coupe or Alexander Ilyich Vakhrushev s. Alexander Petrovich. Dolgushinin company, dare three years; but when they led a narrow-gauge railway from Moscow to the Vorobyovy Gory from the Kaluga outpost, past Neskuchnogo sas to Vorobyovy Gory, then the majority of the public went by rail. dear, especially those who wanted to stop looking at the Neskuchny gardens and the palace. The shipping company’s profitability has greatly decreased. Our Vyatichi partners: A.I. Vakhrushevѣ and A.P. Debt shini sold all their shipping shares. In addition to Vorobyov’s grief, similar festivities were arranged in Petrovsky Park and Sokolnikakh, as well as with expensive restaurants and tea tables for tea and snacks, as well as inviting samovars and deserters. We visited the Apollinary Alexeyevna more than once in Sokolniki, Petrovsky Park and Neskuchny Gardens, examined the Petrovsky and Neskuchny palaces with gardens. Tue Sokol Niki and Petrovsky Park, from Moscow then went on a horse ride, following a tram that was replaced by an electric one. We heard then that there are chic suburban restaurants in Moscow: Strelna and Yari where to get rich people to watch, watch an open stage and listen to the choirs, Gansky, Russian and Hungarian choirs and walk in the Winter Garden-_______272_______a fountain and an electric sanctification, but then we ourselves weren’t there and badly believed such fantastic times like tales, considering it almost a fairy tale. We were embarrassed by the likelihood of already falling through 20-25, when we visited ourselves.Once, then Vyatskie breeders will come to enjoy the large Moscow hotel. Then this large Moscow Hotel was considered to be the most luxurious hotel !! oskv ѣ: a huge two-room hall with molded art-painted ceilings, gilded, gilded, upholstered velvet sofas and armchairs. Officers of all white linen shirts with silk belts. I was invited to eat among others under the ranks, and I have long dreamed of how to visit such a good hotel, at least to see. I was warned that you should put on a handful, because you shouldn’t let the tall Russian boots in a starchy shirt without a tie and BE high boots, I dressed with a responsible person. With us was the largest and richest Vyat - the sky breeder, Trifon ikhailovich Paptev, three years older than me, the old man. While his father was alive, Mikhail Dmitrievich, strictly observing all the old customs and rituals, then his only son. Trifon Mikhailovich tried externally to observe old customs, and he dressed in a cloak-cap. with odds, although it was best to buy expensive cloth, the silk shirt has a braid, high boots and trousers, hidden “under the shafts. We all entered the hotel at the same time, undressed into the Swiss and, one after the other, on a chic staircase, fitted carpet -track, go upstairs. Behind the back is Andrey Parfenovich Vakhrushev. Grabbed - aunt Trifon. Laptev. Andrey Parf. say: "Yes, stink it is still in Swiss below."t_______273_______at the top of the stairs I shouted: "Tryphon, go, you are waiting for everything, you are holding everything back." T.1. Laptev dismisses: "Yes, the doorman will not miss the door, saying that it’s impossible to keep high boots and old clothes off." Andrey Parf. shout: "Yes, you spit on him, go soon, now we’ll complain to the director of the manager Seliva about him." Then the Doorman politely stepped aside and said to Laptev: "Please come in." Then the chief seamstress — the king, speaks to his assistants and speak out loud: “One - fon would be one, fon-baron, two - one; it can be assumed that it might be, but three-fon, if I serve thirty years, I will never meet "I don’t hear it, there must be a lot of money. I’ll fly in now for some passes from the director." For a long time, the last of these were confused among all the breeders of their circle and once told one another, like funny jokes / based on fact /.A similar second joke, also based on fact, once told in the same circle about Father Tryphon Micah. Laptev. Brothers Mikhail and Ignatiy Dmitrievich Laptevs, Vyatskіe merchants - Old Believers, were both tanneries and large forest merchants. They constantly lived in the city of Vyatka, in their homes. They harvested logs in Slobodskoy and Gla Zovskom uzdazh, viscous forests, local peasants,. through contractors, but under the observation of their clerks. The owners themselves, or their sons, occasionally wanted to inspect the land, or when buying a bargain, or sometimes looking at the output, it could be 5 or 10 years once. to visit the host himself. So that at the place everyone knew that the development was for Laptev, and no one had ever seen Laptev himself. Lee_______274_______ hail Dmitrievich Laptev, prіkhav v v lѣsa si son-in-law ѣ Ignatius A. Laptev, Denis Fadѣevich. Zonov, at the station, while the horses weren’t jumping, the samovars demanded and sat down to drink tea. Starovyrs drink and always take from their utensils, which they take with them; they took out a teapot, glasses, brewed tea themselves, and sat drinking, having a bite to eat. The mistress of the old woman, the mother of the coachman, filed a samovar and looks from the back corner, like in the front corner the merchants who are learning tea are drinking.Finally, the old woman said: “Look, see that the old man. A good merchant, and you’ve got money, drink tea and bite a little bit of sugar. But here we often have Laptevsky at the end of the train, start drinking tea, so you can have a good time like a dark must in glasses, and put saҳara on a glass on the floor. " M. D. Laptev opened: “I know, I know, grandmother, they already exist. But you, grandmother, don’t tell me everything if you get a rumor to the owner, so he’s got a little trouble, and if you’ll be the Laptevskie’s counters, then perhaps you’ll hurt you and stop lingering on you. "Old woman:" Yes, dad’s ear, I can only tell you: I see that you’re good old, economical, and you won’t tell anyone, but of course I didn’t tell anyone and will not scan anyone. ”But to some, apparently, Michael himself D. Laptev told, and Denis Fadievich Zonov told some of the secret tellers, and then they all became like a joke to tell.V. Moscow This year we lived until September. On 10th October, our good buyer, Onufry Vasilyevich Potapenko, went bankrupt. But he did not declare his insolvency, but invited all his creditors to a cup of tea. Trinity Compound- 275. on Ilyinkin Moscow, not far from Potapenko’s trade, and they traded under the merchant exchange. All creditors gathered by the indicated hour. Dust Potapenkoy hire the biggest number. room. Potapenko presented his balance sheet signed by the accountant and his own and a list of all creditors. Among the large credits, the tales of Yves. Willow AlafuzOVE, Rostov merchants 21 SnyankiNE, Kashchenko and more. Alaruzov was late for the hour by the beginning of the meeting. The rest of the major creditors, viewing the indulgence, asked O.V. Potapenko: "Like us, to break the ruble in half, or something. If you give fifty rubles for the ruble, we’ll soon agree." Potapenko to cry for a sting, offer a quarter, or 30 kopecks. But all wait for Eve. Willow Alabuzova and among themselves are whispering that if you give 40 or 35 K., you must finish. Is himself Iv. Willow Ala fuzove. “I invite him to take a chair near the table and report," We all examined and bargained for a long time to suspend you. But we came to believe that if you give 40 or 35 k. For a ruble, then you have to stop. " Alabuzov, apparently, was offended that he would dictate and impose someone else's will. He got up and went to his own place, saying: "I see that you have already foregone everything, yet finish without me, there is nothing to be done for me." And gone, and his room was in the same hotel, BE other and the end of the corridor. Everyone saw that they acted against him tactlessly. They elected a man. The five main lenders, deputies went to the room. K. Ivan. Alaffuzov, send them and he.V. Potapenko. Apologizing to. Alaruzovs E, they OPE named Potapenko said that - as Yves, Yves. Alaruzov, such as O.V. Potapenko will obey without - verbatim, will pay all the time, as he should. Alafuzovѣ found the incident settled, they said that theyone- 276..oneagrees with the majority and agree to 40 kopecks. BE returned to the big room, offered to sign the first to I.I. Alabuzov, and then the darkest, in order of size, sums - whoever has the largest. Our sums, however, we were the most malky, and therefore we were listed at the end of the list, but O.V. Potapenko, through the clerks, asked Nasi to be at the meeting until the end and did not leave at all until he signed the agreement of two-thirds of those present, as well as maybe asked others, because he was afraid that one after the other might break out .. And not signing two thirds can be considered an agreement not concluded or not executed. When more than two-thirds signed, we slowly left without signing. The collection of creditors charged 0.V. Potapenkѣ remaining small lenders to collect signatures in the course of the week, because some provincial did not even attend the meeting, in absentia, they joined the majority.Next day. Potapenko sent us a clerk, inviting himself to the office. 1 Said: * Thank you for coming to your country yesterday and not claiming against the general decision, but leaving without signing up - apparently, you want to ask to pay you in full. Yesterday, in the presence of B_y all, I didn’t even have the right to make nickname excluded by anyone, but today I am. I inform you that I will pay you in full, because Your amounts are small. You want, although nowѣ take those back part - your goods that weren’t sold, or within a month I’m hoping to sell it to you will pay you everything. But you are this. just sign the general agreement without any reservations / that is, as if} we would agree to receive 40 kopecks. per ruble. We immediately undersigned and, dust V: Shtelno, during the course of a month, Potapenko calculated in full with us. .This is where the lenders of yotapenko are collected, I am the first and lastE._______277_______gthe second time the founder and the head of the company of the joint-stock company Alafuzovsky factories and plants - Ivan Ivanovich Alabuzov - father. For soon he would die, and the main inheritance would be his son Komi, also Ivan Ivanovich, but he didn’t take care of him and none of us saw him, but the chairman of the society, after the death of Ivan the eldest, was, according to him indicated, elect his second brother - Nikolai Ivanovich; the members were his son Nikolai Nikolayevich Alabuzov and his next brother George Ivanovich, and most recently, he was a member of the board of directors Konstantin Ilyich Nazarov. Most of all, Vyatskiye breeders, were in touch with each other on common matters with the Alabuzov firm: С Nick. Willow Ala fuzovym, s. Nick. Nick. Alabuzovѣ and si Const. Ilyich. NazarOIME, Also at the meeting of Potapenko’s creditors, I saw for the first and last time, such as: Russian merchant breaks the ruble, i.e. to do my loving deal. The large Moscow supplier of leather goods for the army, Tolkіel, went bankrupt a year earlier OV І Potapenki. For Lolkielemi we had a very small amount, up to about one and a half thousand rubles. I don’t remember what - whether he paid for it in full or in part at a discount, and whether Molkiel had an administration or a competition - I don’t remember either. Knowing that! Olkіelya had its own small backwater, either in Minsk, or somewhere to the south. This backwater, before bankruptcy. Tolkiel passed on to his son-in-law and his dowry for his daughter, Mr. Epstein, and Epsten, in turn, handed over the same tannery backwater to his daughter, too, the dowry that married the Jew Garkavi; with the son of Garkavi, i.e. smiling great-grandson. Molkіelya, as early as 1912-1915-2, I had contacts with respect to supplies of purveyor supplies and were with no 18 in the Komi sign. He worked at his factory, Eidulivan hard leathernew product, i.e. sole and outsole for armіy._______278_______is givenIn this way. Alaruzov, after the Turkish war, unite. all the Vyatka large and small breeders are about to achieve their goal and destroyed the largest Moscow competitors. tіolkіelya and Potapenko, to the value before bankruptcy, why they pulled back and Ot supplies to the army. One more, not very large, competition remained in Moscow for the supply of shoemaking goods, Til, but he was more involved in the supply of horse and cart harness and harness and felt articles, sweatshirts and shoes made from goat fluff for a long time Ry Nok. However, leather goods were not bought much, and then crommels were made from leather, bought from Vyatka breeders, or from them they were bought from cut goods .. Tilia had BE BE Moscow Moscow had its huge backwater tanneries, mainly of which there were uniforms workshops and workshops for the development of horse harness, with large separate buildings. Every year there were big fires at the Tilevsky Zavod, and since everything was insured, the insurance companies annually paid Tilya 50 to 3,000 thousand rubles for the alleged damage caused by Tilya fire. There were rumors that they agreed with the insurance company agents, the fires were artificially arranged and the profits lasted from it, but of course, it only came to the faces of outsiders as a rumor, or it was supposed to be, it might not have been right, but it’s just a fact that annually burned out enclosures that are outdated, or required breakdowns or rebuilding. The Til factory spent a lot of tanning goods for saddlery and other horse stubbornness, while its backwater produced more rawhide and belt goods,onel.::_______279_______ ... and Til’s yacht skins were bought from the Vyatka breeders and Alafu’s call, and then our group, mainly Alabuzov, was friends with Til’s company and didn’t compete with them, but nevertheless Potapenki went bankrupt three years later and Til. Personally on our firmsѣ, i.e. Fedor T. Vakhrushev with his sons 11, Til remained indebted for about 5000 rubles.Til began to collect lenders and bother to arrange an administration or make a deal. It was during the trade. As soon as after him in the bargaining, the supply of one thousand to thirty pairs of boots was confirmed. Yapodal Ilawlu 'Fed. the thought is whether it is possible to arrange with Thiele so that while this contract does not enter the administration, does he agree to transfer to us. And we will throw off half of the debt to him. Pavel Fed. to say: "Poke, it’s good; come on, try, Iroѣ this day is the hour so that no one gets ahead of us." We are going to the factory for 12 hours. Karl! Karlovich. Til had just left his apartment for breakfast, and his house was nearby c. office. We called the front hall, immediately let the footman in, doloiki. Karl Karlovich. went to the front. We blamed that it wasn’t time, but they said: “On the contrary, it’s very time. We’re going to have breakfast with us.” We thank and refuse, we say that we just came to him to give before the loneliness, whether they would agree to us to transfer the supply of soft salted goods, which they had taken from the trade yesterday, and we will liquidate our part of the debt, return the bills. "If you are not free now, then we will come back later." He said: "If you have no other business before me, there is nothing to put aside in distant boxes. I agree, consider it finished." They did not ask for the amount of their debt to us, and we did not say. AnotherGuls:that_______280_______day, at the collection of creditors, we were completely excluded from E creditorsѣ, and also the delivery taken from the auction was not shown to the collection. To questions about the supply, he announced that it had already been transmitted for this earlier word. So and in the way, it was 2-3 thousand rubles, we gave him all our century for 5000 rubles to transfer the supply. and we were very happy about that, because we still poured something from the delivery, and if we got into the administration, this amount would have passed to us to no avail ten ten, and whether it would have been - the last result. It was also mysterious back then, but even as a result it was confirmed - many lenders, not expecting the end of the administration, sold their claims to Til, at 30-40 kopecks. for the ruble.“Approximately at the same time, in Moscow, we were left with a leather trader who did not belong to the Shhotnago row in Zaryadye, VE Io well”. But he didn’t deal with these contracts and didn’t have his factory; he was the Moscow citizen Zemtsov; the merchants left the bailiffs with very little money, supported the drivers for loans, but he quickly went bankrupt - went bankrupt and even for a small amount, thousands to 40-50 rubles, no more. If he were experienced, such as Iotapenko or Til — he would have gathered creditors, offered 30-40 k. For the ruble — they would have agreed, would not have wanted to court and bother. Our debts to Zemtsov were one thousand two hundred rubles. We ourselves went with them to agree, to take part of the goodsѣ and at a discount of the same amount. We are coming. - I and Pavel F. - to him there is a shop in her row; Tanya is a clerk-boy, and the goods are almost completely owed, the shop is empty. Nalchik say: "The owner has not come yet - probably at home." We knew the address of his apartment onPX3:2but_______28I_______Tagankѣ, we went to the zemoschik2 kyo Zemtsova to the apartment. They lived in the courtyard of a large house, in a wooden small 2 floor. house in 2-3 rooms. To enter. the house is a detached wooden porch with a wooden staircase, small, BE 8 or 10 stu peni. The railing is made of wooden balusters, and behind the railing on the left side is a cold storage room for provisions, and on the right side is a small cold mother-closet. From: stairs, enter directly into the kitchen, and from the E kitchen - PE dining room and bedroom. When the aphids walked around the courtyard, someone looked at us through the window, and as they approached the doorway, I saw that some lady had run into the mother; I saw only a brown skirt on my side, and I couldn’t see my face and head. We went into the kitchen; tanl, apparently, prіsluga - detail, girl; She answered our questions that there is nobody at home, the owners, apparently, the shop in Photnov: In a row. No matter how we tried to find out Ot Ney, when to come up, she says one thing: “I don’t know anything, go away.” You went out onto the porch, I whispered to Pavel F. that I had seen the mistress come here. I went to the water, I tried to open it - it turned out to be locked from the inside. Then we were convinced that there was a master and mistress, or one mistress. Then I said loudly to Puzzle F.: "Namt should not go Drive to the shop to him, we can go out on the road and we will not see again, anyway today us to lose a day. Come on, wait here. It’s inconvenient to go into the apartment without the owner, let’s go and sit on the upper steps of the stairs for an hour or two, and if you want, you can go to the restaurant one by one, and go to Tagankѣ to have some tea and a bite to eat. ”Pavel F. V. Tony I’m disappointed: “Yes, it’s absolutely right, we’ll wait, even if I had to sit for five hours before the evening, lose the second day and again soda to go: spend the night to blow it home,” I sat on the upper square -tr"one.ErAs_______282_______to the stairs and reading the newspaper, and Ilawel F. stand down and walkin the yard. An hour and a half passed. FinallyE - the door opens from the E water, the mistress leaves, i.e. Zemtsov’s wife, and I knew her BE - by name and patronymic. I say: "Hello, Anna Pavlovna, though we still waited for Vasya, and where the spouse is." She said: "Hello, but wasted time in vain, flour at homeand where it is - I do not know. When I arrived home - today, or after a week - I also do not know. Without it, I cannot tell you anything by chance. " We ask her, why did you need to hide from us? She speaks of. So we got it. They no longer went to him, but handed over their bills to a general lawyer, who, on behalf of all the creditors, declared Zemtsov not in good standing, went to prison 4 y. BE kept him for debt 110 months – 3-4 months, creditors saw that there was nothing to take from him, but they had to pay for his maintenance in prisons — they all decided to let Zemtsov go together, and no one received anything. And after six months, they again entered the bailiffs of large tanneries E by merchants.Almost all of the major bankruptcies listed above occurred even under the knowledge of Fedor Tim. He said: “Fear for you: if you continue to pursue the business of private trade, then try not to chase the big profits: it’s better not to be interested in who gives a lot of money and sees a lot of benefits, but a lot of credit, it’s better to give preference to someone who gives a little benefit but for a personal; better titmouse in hand, than a crane in the clouds. ”Since that time, we began to strive more for a contracting business and only a few remnants sold the price for cash, and if you borrowed, then only a wave of solid, trustworthy merchants creditworthiness which was recommended by reputable banks.that:_______283_______Supply shoemaker) of the Product BE cavalier} {ie POLIki CE IT-•four.іTiltyears completely stopped, because earlier and M1, i.e. cavalry, type of experience, for three years on uniform was given the day of the gami. Many regiments fell into unscrupulous suppliers who did not deliver by the due date and did not deliver, or delivered goods poorly, and therefore most of the regiments refused to receive the money themselves and demanded that all uniforms be delivered through the Quartermaster. You mean this, the military council of the Rishil is like infantry, and cavalry and artillery, i.e. The whole army should be trained and put on the skull. All should be prepared for public auction, the quality of mi and condition developed by the technical committee under Glavnov. The commandant’s office and approved by the military council, published in advance of each trade in Il-Petersburg places. The supply contract always included that: I accept the delivery of such a product, in all accordance with the description and condition, approved by the military council. Such a number is given by numberѣ and attached with seven contractsѣ. Each contract was laced and wax sealed with a printed description of the entire condition. In order to approve or not to approve deliveries for a military unit or another under a row, the military council was guided primarily by secret prices that were developed by the technical committees under the Main Quartermaster, together with the respective chiefs - both of which the main command of the Tendermanship was taken, taking the previous three years of supply, as well as the reference exchange prices for raw materials, products and working hands, both for the previous three years and for the current year. Thus, you worked ntendanthestvo_E prices approved by the main militaryefromCATY.Int 1_______284_______ According to the amount and amount of the goods submitted to the auction, the military, the military department asked for the appropriate credit for the army uniforms. If the prices of the contractor turned out to be lower for some than the secret ones, and for the others it was higher, then they were approved by the military only for those suppliers, whose price was 11 higher than the secret price, and the remaining amount was given to the second, and sometimes to the third auction, 20 30 days. If all the contractors have higher values ​​than the secret ones, then in such cases, up to three times, the entire quantity is presented to the reader. If, however, and after the third bidding, the Quartermaster has the opportunity to head according to the developed secret prices, then the Main Quartermaster is visible, if the difference is insignificant - it causes all contractors who have declared lower tsnany, offers them all to reduce that small difference 2-3. In most of these cases, the contractors agree and the Quartermaster submits to the military a corresponding report for approval by the supply contractors. If the difference is big and the contractors on the proposed concept to present a motivated objection about the impossibility of lowering the prices, then the Quartermaster to introduce military advice on the motivated report of the increase in the earlier developed values ​​and on the conformity. You are looking for up-appropriations, or increase see Hr assumptions and request for approval of delivery forthose suppliers who announced at the third auction, although higher than the secret price E, but lower than their competitors. Thus, if any of the contractors, declare your prices are I-2% higher than others, remains without delivery for the entire current year.Taking into account that almost always the offers exceed the demand, so as not to be left without an E at a rate, thenfourІTrt T Ekі P ELE і dі! ..-from_______285_______ Every breeder shoots arrows to limit their appetites: it’s better to make less money, but there’s something to earn, so that you can stay completely free and set the minimum. As for the principle: if you pay more expensive, then you receive the goods and the goods, this is in: Quartermaster. All of the goods are required to be of the highest quality indicated in the published and attached contracts and descriptions E. If anyone would get too excited and declare to bid, accidentally, the prices are ten percent lower than the other, then anyway heѣ is obligated to give the goods no worse than others, I do not have any: he is not entitled to privilege or exclusion.Only during the bidding, if his price has come up under the secret price, then he will receive delivery from the first bid, and the rest from the second or third bid. But at the same time, taking delivery from the first auction does not deprive the right to take or, in general, submit applications for a new quantity from the second or third auction for that? heh, or at an increased price. Bidding is carried out in sealed packages. Competitors, not knowing one other price and the amount for which they declare their offer, naturally beware that they would not be too late or would not be left without delivery. This year, this happened to completely kill the competition of the Noskov Skago raisna: the Vyatsky group. and Kazan factory breeders for 2-3 years in a row set prices very low, almost at cost, and Kolkiel, Pottenko and Til, using them to supply second-hand goods, i.e. out of 2 hands, they took big losses annually, they broke up and went bankrupt.Naka firm "Fedory T. Vakhrushevs sons", supplying vіI HEINoneG..tfromSI:tg. TioneLTEAM_______286_______treasury of a small amount, reduced themselves to spending a mini mum. They decided in Pavel that they should. f. it was managed by a powerful idE Ivanov Al.Kazennnymy, who was not a member, but was considered not a stranger, because they were close to a relative and cousin of many cousins ​​.. I was the ear of Fedorovl Tyva. recalled to the backwaters, i.e. my wife and I left with all our possessions, sent our piano, mounted in Moscow / on the recommendation of Alexander Ivanovich Silin / a successful master who re-glued 21Volotochki and cha 21nil with a few strings and keys, in general, the repair was very small and not very expensive expensive.. By the way, living in the 14th well, I personally were friends with my wife, A.I. SilinE, for he is from the city of Vyatka, his house is a quarter and a half from Al to Vlad. Al.Rukavishnikova. Silin and Rukavі Nikov were you Vyatka friends. Vi Vyatkѣ Silini had a small steamer - a dish. But then I sold it to Tirishkina and moved to live 0 - square, opened the tavat nad passage Solodovnikov on Petrovka a large auction hall or antique store and took on antique cars and furniture for sale for sale. They always welcomed us all very warmly, like the daughter and son-in-law of their friend dumb, and we willingly went to him on holidays.When we or the last year in Moscow, then we passed from. Nizhny Novgorod to Moscow Vyatskiy Steamboat Owner Alek Sandr: Aleksѣevich Kazenin, godfather of my wife. His steamboats were deeply seated, and since Vyatka river all became beaten for a year. Over the course of a year, shallow, then Vyatka large steamers: Bulychev, Tyryshkin introduced shallow steamers in addition. In the spring they worked on large steamers throughout the entire distance.fromYamionebut*one_______287_______, from Vyatka to Nizhnyago {{the city, and when spring water decreased to a minimum, then the race lasted for parts: the smallest steamers worked from Vyatka to Medvydok, the middle from Medvydok to Kazi, and the largest steamers worked between Kazan and Nizhny Novgorod. Moreover, in the spring, the light-passenger ship communication from Vyatka to Kazan took place in 2 1/2 days, and in summer, in shallow water, with transfers in 10-12 days, and the steamers were half. by passengers and the load of goods sent), and why the Vyatka road was not connected to any city by it. Steamboat owners, although they competed between themselves, earned good money. The Kazenin brothers, after the death of the old father, shared among themselves. Alexander Al.itazenin, for his part, accepted all three large steamships, 110 and the smallest one had no superfluous: working capital, according to the example of Bulychev and Tari I Kina, and could not buy several more steamboat steamers for working on the left-handed river Vyatka. Transferred his work on all three steamers to the Kama River, began to work between Perm and Kazan. On Kamchatka at that time, rich Kamenskie brothers steamers worked, passenger shipping was easy, and the Kurbatovs' towing, also rich shipping company, but there were other small steamers and owners, I-2 of the steamer. A.A.Kazenin had to renew his ships, those. to improve the internal situation and the finishing of the 1st and 2nd classes, so that it would not be worse, as well as the € at Kamensky, so that passengers are not defective. his steamboats, but would willingly go on his steamboats without seeing any inconvenience or lack of comparison with si KaElena.For the purchase of materials for the first and second class and everything necessary for repair, it is necessary. Veliki metro station Postomi,-_______288_______before Easter, in footіnu. All picked up and bought a lot of gas from Ayur-iieriliz for a few thousand rubles. While he was all picked up, packaged, it was almost from: not a week. During this time, they looked for our apartment and came to visit their goddaughter, i.e. Apollinarial Alec. and me, and we were just about to gather with Paul the Fed. to treat about one of their customers to Goryunov restaurant, near the Moskvoretskago bridge. And they invited Ah: Al.Kazenina with himself. After spending about an hour and a half there, after all, did everyone sell out and disperse each? itself. We did not guess to invite Al. Al, Kazenin again in his apartment, at least drink tea or a hundred or so to sit in the evening CE CE godmother, talk about Vyar ichaҳE. And when we went to the restaurant, we didn’t guess the tone or found it uncomfortable. B. exclusively musky komіi anіy invite Apol Lynarium Alex., And even then it wasn’t yet almost customary to go to restaurants with ladies during the day, and even like that. Mining is new, where 30-business people are going to bargain exclusively during the day. This way. Al Al Kazenin, having lived in Moscow for a week, specifically sought out her armchair to spend her evening and talk heart to heart, she saw her only one time 10 20 minutes, no more.From E läoskva we sang SE Sena in the fall after the Nizhny Novgorod Fair in September / the piano sent through the shipping agency ahead of time, writing Rukavishnikovyl, BE cases when we arrived before our arrival to keep track of her transportation to our village /. Since autumn rain on the river Vyatka, the water arrived and we have no change, on Bulychevsko AE 1 ship, we reached Vyatka well and soon.The same ship came back from E Nizhnyato Novgorod_______289_______ - sons of Bulychevsk agent, V.A. Erikolin. I became friends with them, and my dear was a lot of free time - they talked about everything, and with complete frankness, heart to heart. He graduated from secondary education. Vanie in the Vyatka gymnasium; I express my satisfaction that I don’t even have a secondary education and it’s very unfortunate that at one time even in primary school I studied poorly. Ermolin said that it’s never too late to study, it is possible not at school, or at the very least - you can, if possible, follow up to fill up your knowledge and self-education reading a book. If you have no reason to read books, and there is no one to lead yours and your readers, you will begin at least with a quick and easy read, CE of the posts and lungs once. Then read Pushkin, Gogol, Ostrovskago, and so on. Make an appointment with the library, ask the library library to be gradually taken, call the cup at. Vasya is interested in reading, Until tomorrow you will already have a taste and interest in serious reading, and in this way your knowledge and self-awareness will increase, moreover, this distracts the person from bad, harmful entertainment, such as drunkenness, cards , to corrupt and stuff. Of course, books should be read as well, especially political and forbidden - will the masses die of young people who still have their own lives? did not work out; a partnership of revolutionary insistence is being established and the young man is trying to pick up. with his ру rukazME - to palm off on him forbidden literature and to sense it is sweet; look good young man and die because of the partnership. But you are far from that; if you are 22–25 years old: you will start reading from fairy tales, and with the correct guide, you will taste the reading of your children and saya for thirty years and you will recognize that it’s useful and interesting to read, and that you don’t need to._______290_______•2h.kinI had to go to Vyatka, and then I had to go back to my village, I had to finally: settle in my dream below, next to the house with the bedroom of dad and Alexander Fedorovich, your former office. Since our bedroom at the top of the ball is already occupied by Stepanol. Feodorovich and Aleksandrov Stepano are hot 21 and they already had two daughters. The office below was before us moved upstairs to the dining room - a large room.. We suggested to our father and mother whether they could find possible memories, i.e. and A. take the former office downstairs, you have 2 windows onto the street, and on E give way to your bigger room, i.e. through the windows of 10 streetsѣ / the former working kitchen /, because in this big moss we can arrange not only a bedroom, but also a piano. Dad and mother agreed to this with pleasure. The whole year we are talking about the 1XE ko mikhalakh bedroom; right here, the second daughter Evgeniya was born in winter.Finding tea and drinking, we all went upstairs to the common dining room, and my palan Fedorovich didn’t like to go upstairs and, as a patient, drank tea and put on tea in his bedroom од alone, and sometimes he invited Pestov’s one of the cutters for company and A.A. Nosov, or Kleevar N.A. Korobov. No one against this objected to her. A separate sakowar and all the serving were served to him, whenever he demanded, at least 3-5 times a day.dose 11th day of the year uvika Fedor. Tim. already weaken, although I didn’t feel very sick, 10 more and more patterns, took out Vyatka or (Zlobodsky sse rhe and pyeh. For the whole spring we went to the bazaars for buying raw materials every Saturday in Slobodskaya, buying meat from the Butchers svѣnіya paired skin, and daddyTO.TyINدلسR,RA._______291_______Fedor. Tim, I began to recognize on Saturday in the same, but when the freeze starts or falls out. the first one, beginnings of merchants-resellers to bring horse parts for 100-200 sh. - Burned and crucified - and sell it to the account, and not to the whole. This purchase is more difficult - you need both experience and an eye to determine what it was like in pairs, i.e. when she was removed from the cattle, and figure out how many che! There will be no length, this skin when to get out of the bag. At that time, I still didn’t know this, and could not, at least approximately, determine, but Stepan Fed. a little already was considered in this experienced me. But oFiL BE is the end of October Uzzalі sі Vasilyі Parf. 18 Sivu, in Perm Perm province, and then to Shadrinskiy district and, finally, in B. Byar B. 11 named after They were returning home by Christmas already, in the first half of December.In the course of the month of November the abalone of Fedor Tiv. 3-4 times we went to Sloboda to the bazaar, without stopping you meat row We went to the outskirts of the city to the cemetery. Taliv, between the cemetery and the lane, a place was allotted for the wholesale trade of raw materials. As far as I CE Tapa we buy in the owl skin Бt Ai clear next to. 3 ҳE hour Nights until 8:00 d: in the morning, you will buy 50-100 rubles, at this time you’ll have to buy I-2 lots in bulk and bring 300-400 children to the same row, and carriages peasants can see the villages: they can walk and go whether there will be a Zvoz. Anya prі. Bakhtayut BE Fo RODE to sell - who is sleepy, who is bread, and vice versa they are trying to earn a ruble for a ruble. Sometimes you don’t have to bring a wholesale party to the local row, and send the grandfather from the cemetery of your coachman - tell us to find the carriages 10-20 horses and send him to the wholesale market. Now you will collect artel Be 20 horses CE}TyeEEh. KiR._______292_______ the same coachman. send them there, and if we have finished the purchase in the meat row, then I will go there to help the little ones take the skin count and pay off. He especially, loved and learn how to determine the weight and size of a look, and showed that you should reject the purchase when looking at it.After Christmas, at the end of January, every year we drove all for drivers, that is, one from each company to the Irbitsky fair. In this 1890 I went to village Vasiliyem Parf. Horseback riding through Glazov to IIerma big koshevѣ- . lekankѣ, BL kosh mѣ and mѣhovomѣ odѣyalѣ Doѣҳavӣ to Laz, we stopped at Vatvѣya Yves Stolbov, bought him partіyu - fifteen hundred kozhE V. Perm Koshev his sleigh on the left postoyalomӣ dvorѣ;. poѣҳali on zhelѣznoy dorogѣ to stantsіy Kamyshlovѣ,. from Kamyshlova to Irbit again horses, but already without convenience, i.e.; not in their own koshovѣ, but on the crossroads, although they took the mantle and moss over. The Irbit highway is very long to drive along the fair, the road must be carefully corrected daily, and therefore the yamdi must be taken very quickly. So 10 versts are not good for blowing horses and tea. It’s more than 12-13 hours, and even 10 hours at the postal stations, at the post stations, compared with other routes, the Irbitsko-Kamyshlovsky tract was very well furnished. Horses are good, you are always ready for dinner, if you don’t want to stop for a bite or drink tea, take 5-10 minutes to give them some fresh horses, harnessed horses and a coachman on the goats .. And if you want to go to the station, there’s everything at your service , as in a “railroad buffet” - full of so much wine, vodka, samovar snacks with tea devices. And now suggest: * Would you like to bite dumplings, cabbage soup, piglet. ._______293_______ Russia and goodbye. "Everything is ready and hot, for they have already done everything - whether to eat, to know when to come to Yekaterinburg to come and when to eat more of Muscovites, who are more generous - pay them for their Siberian treats and love their Siberian cuisine made as well. no matter how much you do not straighten out the station-watchers for the right to trade in a patent, and you don’t have any rights, then all the treats are offered not only not at a fee, but supposedly without charge, but everyone, having drunk, having a bite before leaving, thank the hostess or the owner hospitality and leave BE hands with a credit card or silverfish 20-50 kopecks., at your own discretion, how much he estimates would cost you approximately the consumed or eaten amount in the buffet.A lot of different goods from Moscow and from Siberia - raw materials of different and from China tea were brought into the Irbit Fair, before the Great Siberian road was reached. BE Irbitѣ was trade in goods and semi-annual payments. Siberians selling their goods: leather, moss raw materials, frozen fish, pine nuts, tea, etc. buy for six months Moscow goods: manufactory, paper, paints, samovars, boots, boots, ready-made clothes, etc. Almost all the major banks were also specially recognized at the time of the fair: Volga-Kama, Siberian, Russian-Russian, Commercial and, mainly, the State Bank. All of them here made great things in accounting for trade bills and in money transfers. Visit Irbit and 3-4 large ones in the restaurant with harpists, choirs and various artists, also great, because during meetings, during commercial transactions and seeing off, Sibiryaki p. Muscovites and generally Europeans love to take a walk, have a meal, sometimes even to selflessness. Ѣ times_______294_______: ..t.The tale of Khamin-Sibiryak, a book about gold mining, is just about various ways and incidents at the Irbit fair, as I, as an eyewitness, although not the ones told by him, incidents, but like that, I can make sure that what he depicts. pictures of different ugliness are completely believable, not a dreamerthe state.V. Irbitѣ, at the time of the fair, are coming from the nearest derhubarb peasants with. horses, husbands are engaged in: carriageѣ 113 carriage, i.e. take passengers. in the city, on your small kihi sled, there are cats, and some of you are in ramparts, covered with carpet of a local publishing house. Such a mass of them that work for cheap - competing with each other. Each house at the gate costs 5-10 horses. Zazyvayut: "Merchant, please pump for a penny." Go wherever you want, for the end of 5-10 kopecks. and thank you very much, but almost no one should not walk around with me: you have to go through I-2 quarters - you sit down and eat, so you go through the food every day without a break, up to the ruble. Sinners also boast that they took 2–3 weeks of the fair to earn up to 50 rubles per horse. clean. The wives and daughters of these clerks also had to go to the fair with their husbands and work all the time: as cooks or residents throughout the fair. For in every house, there’s Irbit’s entry through Loni, there’s a share of lodgers with CE content and content free. In each house there must be 3-5 female men with servants during the fair. Some homeowners specifically for the fair have 2-3 houses; all of them are locked up all year round, and in January they are repaired and climb into one room themselves, and for the whole of February they are rented room-by-room and these incomes live all year round.._______295_______ At the end of the fair in February almost annually there is Nitsa oil, the last 3-4 days of the oily season there is a huge stream of rolling on triples, couples and singles. In huge koshevakh - decorated with carpets; horses, an arc and all stubbornness: they are decorated differentlycolored ribbons, artificial flowers and blankets. Public times. naughty. Other merchants with families; in the other three, you see a drunken company - men with artists, smiling with songs or music. There, “blow a couple” or a “triple” a rich family of local couples, blow a full triple sleigh, stand-drunk comnapia, blow and lie, and some blow sober, richly clothed, - revenge and privacy. On both sides of the house, the mass cost the people and look at the skiers, and everywhere the hedgehog and ring the bells not on horses. Reliable eyewitnesses told me that one fair each time, each year, Tomsk Millionery Innokentiy Evgrafovich Kukhteriny, from his outcasts with his festivals and a wide scope .. On the last day of Shrovetide, he ordered to rent an entire carriage, a three-night one-and-one. It took all the musicians, artists and performers to go skating with them. Immediately all dressed. He sat down on the best front three, having eaten a full sleigh of actresses, the rest of the musicians and actresses ordered to sit in another sleigh, the muses to play, and then the ferret sang one by one. We went to the 2nd restaurant, there it was warned; instantly everyone also left, sat down, in 3-24 and 4-Al the same thing. All the remaining triples or singles should have gone empty and no one should be planted. The clerks ordered: Kukhterin. to get rid of the dawn all the time - to register and make sure that not one passenger is to land a single passenger, but to go empty sleigh behind the Kukhterins, katadt_______296_______singing music, songs and artists, and everyone should sing. Such was the original picture and smukh and obtvayuschaya annoyance that nowhere was anyone like anything more and could not be imagined like that. Everyone said that only tyrant. Inno kentіy Kukhteriny and can also joke.Having rolled for about five hours, I let go of the artists. all of them sent immediately a packet of thousands of rewards immediately on the same day, and all the drivers were ordered to arrive the next day in the morning and the clerks on the list paid one ruble per hour for each horse, it didn’t matter whether they were passengers or empty. Saying that this joke cost him at least one hundred thousand rubles. Among Sibiryakov ash producers, it didn’t surprise anyone; on the contrary, they all admired, said: well done Kesha Kukhterin, showed all the Muscovites how the Sibiryaks can walk, let someone else think about throwing such a trick. I went to this fair for the first time and didn’t see anything like it, but just an ordinary Pancake week and every evening in the evening we all went to the local large wooden passages, illuminated by electricity, or, as it was called then, the Irbitsky Main House. Raw materials mi sѣ Vasiliyem Parr. Do you buy thousands of leather and a cup for two, or for chibik tea from Gubkin-Kuznetsov and frozen sturgeon. All sent with. carters, including leather raw materials. We bought raw leather at the р Irbit Fair ть Ot Tatar Petropavlovsk merchant Bikt Urgana, very boycago. an old man, almost illiterate, but very smart, finding chivago and razkago. When the Tatars are being traded, they always keep scores in their hands, and don’t assign a price out loud, but according to your account, you don’t see anyone and they don’tD;E_______297_______shawl. Some people like to strongly request, if the price is five rubles, then usually assign 5-10 or 5-20, and offer him 4-90 or 4-80. Finally, they converge on five rubles. Bi Urgan liked more requests: appoints, 5-50. To know him already, therefore he is appointed from afar, 4.50. Bikturgan. to see that he was offended, jump to his feet, throw scores at that and say: "A kick would be for you, but not strong." At first it wasn’t very surprising and perplexing, but the rest, already knowing him, will be swept away. After 5-10 minutes, take the scores again, showing the jur and one to the other: 5.40, from the fourth: 4.60, and so on - they converge almost five rubles too. Bikt Urgani among the Petropavlovsk merchants - Tatars were considered the foremost merchant, because they had the royal gift - a gold watch with a coat of arms. All of them showed and told how they got this watch.when the Sovereign Emperor. Nikolai was the second heir, then traveling to the Far East by water, by ship, he returned on horseback through Siberia, through the Petropavlovsk Akmola region. All this was well known in advance. Bikturgan decided that they would arrange a good kibitka yurt and invite themselves to the Naslednik-Tsesarevich. On a visit, eat koumiss and swim from the Kyrgyz lamb. He found out about this correct, they told him that this is in no case impossible. Report to the Governor. It was confirmed - not to allow anything for good. But Bikturgan, no matter what, is getting ready: he built a yurt, really rich, decorated with Persian rugs, spent 5000 6000 rubles. When prіkhal vѣ their city. Heir. Tsesarevich, Bikt Urganѣ managed to get to the front porch. When Comrade Tsarevich came out, they fell to their knees, raised their hands:_______298_______fromup and. began to ask to listen to him, and they themselves cry. The Tsarevich’s heir was ordered to bring him to his place, asked: What is it for? Bikt Urgan said that his only request was to visit his yurta, prepared for the occasion, to bite Kyrgyz koumiss and pilaf, and accept the Kyrgyz yurt as a gift. The cesar’s heir, the Revichi asked: “And you are family-friendly.” “Yes,” “Come and get the whole family to meet Me: I want to see your whole family in half an hour.” Indeed, the Priest-esarevich with all his retinue went to the steppe, won the yurt. Bikturgan with his wife and children greeted him with bread “salt, you are a sissy robe. They drank kulinsu and tried the Kyrgyz swim. Gave thanks and praised all. Received as a gift. Ot Bikt Urgana Yurt, so far to the next order ѣ send to St. Petersburg. He said. Bik to Turgan: “Thank you, rumors to the King and the Fatherland for the truth and truth, bring up your children as well. I will send all your seven gifts from St. Petersburg.” Bikturgan thanks “and ask to pass along the clones of Papazѣ and Mamashѣ, the last razmail of the Descendant ареesare - Vich and all present”. But Bikt Urgana is not at all embarrassed to have the hand of the Heir and blows. Then, he proudly once said to everyone that our governors did not want to allow Bik. a mound, and I myself achieved it, and then I saw that our province was ready to smear the wheels themselves of the royal crew. Indeed, soon from E Petersburg through the governor Bikt urgomi received a golden watch and all his seven rich gifts, with the corresponding certificates from His Majesty’s office and in Bekturgan, in a gilded frame, it hung in the hall, which was most honorable.The Irbit Fair, until the Great Siberian;._______299_______ goods from all over Siberia were transported along the railway route, in particular goods that didn’t have enough time in the spring to go on a ferry ride along the Siberian rivers in the city of Tyumen to the Tyumen Fair, which began on the 1st Ionya and continued for a month. The Tyumen Fair was considered the 2nd Siberian node from European and trade-industrial world .. BE At that time, too, at the fair, prizes gave the goods and sold themselves to the Noskovsky manufacturers, but they were smaller in size, because they were Irbit, because it almost coincided with the Nizhny Novgorod fair on the Volga, cat paradise began on July 25 and lasted 1 1/2 months. There was a node not only of the Siberian rivers, from which from Tyumen via the Urals, at will, roads and further along Kam, everything went to the Nizhny Novgorod fair, but from all the Volga with It was supplied by tributaries and railways through Moscow. All goods and the entire trading world were collected in the Nizhny Novgorod trademark. It was the largest fair in Russia, it was visited by many representatives of the company abroad for shopping, or for selling according to samples. But the Bukhara and Persian masses of merchants brought to the Nizhny Novgorod Fair: Bukhara carpets, astrakhan and cottonѣ; the Persians carried: dried fruit, from Eem, kishmish, fis sash, almonds, rice and other Persian varieties. Even recently, the Persian-State Bank for financial transactions accounting bills between Persians and Russian merchants. To sell their goods at fairs, the Persians and Bukhara people bought here for export abroad: manufactory, shoes, haberdashery, Leia's pot, tea, coffee and so on.But, to end the Irbit Fair and not to return In their recollections. K. Irbit, by the way, I’ll mention that I’ve been to the Irbit Fair almost every year, until about 1905_______300_______ANDof the year. But after the railway of the Great Siberian way was carried out, it became noticeable that the Irbit Fair began to lose its significance sharply. Year by year, goods began to be transported to Irbit less and less, especially - bulky goods, like leather, iron, and so on. Then the merchants began to sell to Irbit without a Varov, for a visit and for settlement. For many credit sales in the Nizhny Novgorod and Tyumen fairs paid bills on bills in the Irbit Fair. Plpiѣzzhaya v Irbit buy something, by the way and received on the old debt. Meeting with his client, Sibiryaki suggest that he still has IIetropavlovsk or another city, but on the railway line, part leather, sheepskin, or other goods. If you weren’t lucky to drive horses to the fair, so as not to spend fifty dollars on a piece for transportation, it’s better to take a quarter for cheaper - send it to the backyard. Personally, the last time I bought goods on the ground in this way. VE Petropavlovskѣ or in Tyumen the SE guarantees a difficult time, you send it in absentia, or after the sale of money you go from Irbit to Tyumen or from Petropavlovsk, look at the place, then you bargain, buy it, you will accept it and send it by desire. dor. B Vyatka. But this is already the end of 1895, for there was no railroad to Vyatka, and from horseback they brought goods from Irbi. VE Irbit I, in one of the following fairs, met the Krasnoyarsk merchant. J. M. Kogane [exiled Jew to Krasnoyarsk]. They were very lively and witty. He went bankrupt several times and repeatedly went to jail for debts, ethics were not at all embarrassed, and even boasted - he himself said that he had gone bankrupt for one hundred thousand rubles. Lenders imprisoned, held for a year, released, agreeing to_______301_______ to radiate on the two-headed for a ruble. I have remained clean more than half the blame, this is 5000 rubles. for 24ѣsyats. I hesitated, saying: "If you pay a lot of 5000 per month, then I would still sit for a year." When they were released from prison, they knew that my money from bankruptcy had increased, but merchants in the interruption began to sell even more on credit. Well, it’s clear - it was tempting: the second and third times went bankrupt and never went to jail for no less than five thousand times a month; But, of course, I myself had a lot of missing. H_al, that all the same, the last time began to be poorly thought over and the time to go faster than before. When I was little, it is impossible to wait until the next day of birth until the next day of birth — soon these years will pass — the whole eternity will last. And now - you buy a product, give out a bill for 24 months, you just have time to forget, look - 2 years have passed without delay, you will receive the newsletter: tomorrow is the deadline. I once, he has a leather purchase and then I vary on the condition: half in cash and, the second half - credit for 6 months. Get the bill, I come to his apartment to pay. I give cash and ask: “Give bills, I will sign or can I sign an obligation of urgent payment in 6 months through a copy of my account.” It was accepted from us in Russia that the seller is paid stamp dutyѣ an invoice, at his own expense, and at his own expense buys bill paper for credit saleѣ. Kogan says: “Buy the bill paper yourself, if you want to lend, and if you do not want to pay for bill paper, pay the whole amount in cash, then you will not have bill paper costs.” I disagree: "No, I you_______302_______ I rowed the second half and patched in 6 months, so on plain paper, for memory, I’ll write you, and in 6 months. I’ll pay you for this piece of paper. "Kogan protests:" I know that you will also pay for a simple piece of paper in 6 months. you’ll pay, but it’s necessary a century ago so that I can take it into the bank tomorrow and don’t have it in 6 months, but tomorrow I will have money in my pocket and go back again. ”I say:“ You need to carry the bill in banks, not Much, you take care of your own interests - buy bill paper, or simply, I will sign it both, it’s not difficult and I’ll sign a bill, which is simple paper, but I won’t buy bill paper. For we sell our goods, so we always buy not only bills of exchange, but to buy contracts and act paper for ourselves, we go to our nephew and say: “Abraha, and they are right: B. the bank tomorrow it is not him who needs to carry the bill, but we need E. Bugi soon, buy paper, so tomorrow we will have money in our pocketѣ, but otherwise we will argue that we don’t win anything, but all merchants will follow us "In one of the following, I, in January, a month, Petropavlovsky, lived there. Drive home, and drive home again to drive to E Irbit - there is already not enough time. I protole - grafik Apollinarіy Aleksѣevnѣ - go to the meeting on meeting BE Ekaterinburg on a certain day and hour. She passed with her son. Vikentіem, let 8 or 10. We stayed for a day in Yekaterinburg, BE of the American hotel Ві%, and the next day we went to Irbit. On the day before the Shrovetide:She was greatly surprised by the Irbit Maslenitsa festivities and riding the village triples and single people - she called it: the Babylonian table opening.TTI:_______303_______ We stayed in the same house. Nikolai Pavlovich. Rydovym and eat Ivan. Alexeyevichem Saltykovym, but all in different rooms. Willow Al Saltykov got up early, hours. BE 7-8. All the others are still sleeping. To know that we get up early too - every morning we’ll drink tea in our room. The servants had already been warned: always serve an extra glass of chak, especially for Saltykov. Once I parted in the morning and came and groan - oh, oh, my head hurts and I’m sick. Apollinariya Alekseevna and say to him: “But how can you not be sick when you go out every night for 2-3 hours, and get up at 7 o’clock in the morning - you’ll get enough sleep, and this all made me sick.” Ivan Alex: "Yes, it was all the same that yesterday the devil managed to go to bed at 9 o’clock, we slept until 7 o’clock. I slept, and everything got sick." We laughed, and he was offended and insisted that the pain is felt from the fact that we slept.BE Sunday at Shrovetide, BE At 4 o’clock we went to Vespers Cathedrals, and then after Vespers we heard for the first time that after Shrovetide we sing the song “Yes, God Rise”. "Christ is Risen." Later it turned out that in the city for all time it was sung "Christ is Risen" and "May God Resurrect", and all the Easter festivities, once after the end of the season. But potovѣ all with one is for sale, i.e. asking for help, I took one forgiveness from the other, and they bow to one another's legs. Therefore, it is called farewell or interest. Rise the seat. This custom has been preserved in Russia and to this day, you especially in the monasteries. In villages, in pious families, wherever there is a church, then Vespers are not served, of course, but the service is performed. After fish soup, always give the last milk, eggs, butter and fish since The meat is not already at Shrovetide."I don’t take it. Thus having begun praying to God,fourR_______304_______before tѣm, how to leave and sleep, it starts according to seniority: all come up, mutually ask for percentages, kiss, bow down and go to bed. Early in the morning, all without exception, they were senior to and including children, one after another they fought a ban and wait for the priest to be baptized in order to bless the Christian post. This day is called Clean Monday, and the priest's offer and prayer is called Lenten Prayer. All this order in Farewell Sunday - sales and other things at that time with children’s ears was strictly observed in our family, but the last one lasted for a long time, but not so strict and not always careful, but only according to tradition, and who wants to, for no one followed ethics and reminded them.In Irbit, Apollinaris Alexey was interested in the fact that the peasant women daily brought and sold smoked, almost hot fish, sterlet and non-fish. She once asked how he did it. She gave the peasant a ruble and asked her to teach how to smoke. Now they bought a few frozen fish, thawed, cleaned them up, went to the kitchen and, together with the peasant, they drank all the fish, then took them home to. Vyatka, as well as bought frozen erasers and nels, which were smoked at home, upon returning to Vyatka.Apollinarіya Aleksevna s. Vikentiel went home ahead of me since. Vincent needed to study at a real school and they, being a lichen. Konstantinovich, with three Fofonovs, three of them left E Irbit for horses to Amyzlov, and further along the railroad there was no special need for a BE companion. The second time Apollinarіya Aleksevna was Virbit with me that year, when Nikolai Pavlovich Rylov married. She and Nina Pavlovna left on the 4th day after the wedding, and also after themfromNai_______305._______whether after a few days. Tue Irbitѣ Allollinar Al. from. Nana Pavlovna, according to Muscovites, went to the Irbit cemetery, which is very well-maintained and has a good view of the cemetery in the city of Irbit. But Skvichs almost always host the cemetery, and I have never been. But the ladies knew the cemetery.V. Irbitѣ I met the Yeniseisk merchants of Tonkonovsky and their relative., Yakov Ivanovich. Chernivtsithis is the uncle of Ekaterina Yakovlevna Tonkonogova. That year I drank Chernov’s skin and sold him private private suits.We decided to treat Chernov. He invited him to the local theater, hacking a loyal trip for three. Theaters and the corpse are unimportant. They staged a comedy, but akin to the farce "Toy kuSlka", a rather two-point play and alienity, and possibly enlarged by the fair. Pu flare motley. BE parterѣ you see: sitting elegant ladies in silk dresses, brillants; men have frock coats, a wicker coat, and next to it is a man BE felt boots and a sheepskin coat. Since the play is complete, the audience laughed at the top of their lungs, not embarrassed. K.I. Nazarov told me that on one of the previous tsikhi fairs vi Irbitѣ, rich fur coats and sheepskin breeders, young people, came to the theater and brought with them an old father who had never been to the theaterѣ. Are everyone in the first place? row E. At the end of the evening there was some kind of vaudeville: there was a young dress of lovers, a bridegroom and a bride. For a long time they were kind in the scene - nѣ, decided to get married. Yenich left to buy rings. The bride, left alone, came up with a joke on bridegroom E, or to check how much they loved her. I wrote a note that she had just thought to marry him and leave to rush in, because life was tired and she couldn't live anymore. She left, hiddenFROMTT tfifteen.* * *gІ.climbed behind the screen and observe the target. The bridegroom runs into the scene andEL:..2tiFROMt!..:X4_______306 _______See the note. Come in despair, grab a pocket from a pocket, say: "I don’t have to live without it, I’m afraid." Bring the revolver to the zisk. At this time, in the front row, jump up Shuiskіya a start-up, startle KE scenes in a fright and scream: “Wait, wait, my dear, don’t shoot, stink behind the broad. She’s a joke over you.” The audience began to vehemently applaud the old man that they did not give the performance to end, so they all dispersed with applause and roared the applause of the old man. .V. Irbitsky fair from the steppes from E Siberia are given for the sale of Kyrgyz steppe horses. Many buy them for European Russia, because Siberian horses are very good, it’s possible | if you. up to 7 years of age, he grazes in the herds at the stage, until finally matured, mature, and such a horse of MO .. work until 20-25 years, and our Russian-European peasant horse, in the third year it already starts slightly to recognize, and “CE 4 years old” is working hard, and therefore 10 to 12 years have been completely worked out. From Irbit a couple of horses were taken from Frol Petrovich Lѣsnikov: dark-bay, medium-sized horse, very little horse Sometimes there were good foreigners among the wild Siberian horses, but Muscovites bought them Whether on zadtsiki for high іl money.I went to the first fair in Irbit, I liked the good city triple sleigh, I went all over and bargained for them, they asked 100 rubles for them. : I really liked them and wanted to buy, but did not dare. Firstly, I was afraid - to rumble that the first time we went for goods, but got carried away - I bought a three-piece sled for my pleasure. Say - bad kozigersant - think not aloneBUT.h_______307_______lah, but about pleasures. Secondly, with fun, we all paid for the total bill, and all expenses, even for ourselves, were paid for the grant of the child, and 100 rubles to spend on such a thing, which is not necessary for the task, it was in no case impossible to share without demand. Therefore, of course, there is no risk to buy zero. At the following fairs, when we, as a last fan, spent each at our own expense, I could have asked no one to buy, I had never seen such good sledges, but it is possible that sakash realized that they were not especially needed: pray to be only one or two times only at Shrovetide, and you can do without them.From Irbit we returned in late February. Nastupil the Great Post, all alternately went weekly on Sundays to the Spasskoye village by the way, and on the 1st, 4th –0th and 7th week, starting on the 1st of Thursday or Friday, we took the Spasskoye village for 2-3 days, those. to confess, and communicate. My wife and I said that we had a good year in villages. Spassky, who had just arrived in the village of a young priest, rector of the church, father Eonstantin Selivanov skago, recently gotten sick of a young one, does it come soon? young lady, Alexan dr. Vasilyan. Come to the village of Govat ”, as usual, we stopped to spend the night at the priest, brought fish pies with us for ourselves and for the priest with my mother“ get in. ” On Friday, Ios Vespers, Apollinariya Alekseevna stayed in the apartment with her carcass, and the clergyman: NIKE KEDE esge in the church, continuing to cry for 0, and I went to Frolov letrovich lsnikov, his old friend, who had a good time and I had a good pass. After Vespers the Confessor is not supposed to drink and ѣst, but Frol Petrovichi persuaded me to drink tea with honey.one_______308_______-T.,І TІI came back for the night. My wife asks for what is long, what is there, dalal. I say: they drank tea with honey, without this they did not let go. Father said: "It cannot be, after Vespers is not supposed." And I assure you that peel. Tomorrow morning I will be wary, and I will repent also of this hope. The milking wife and the priests with their mother were not yet familiar with the Lisnikovs. After this, everyone soon got to know each other and started a general friendship and stayed alone with others. SE Dѣsnikov reality was the last thing I had a great deal and friendship, and were politically minded, but I’ll tell youbelow.In this, i.e. In the year 1890, the construction of the temple was already completed in our village, the plan approved by the architector. Vasilіem Mikhailovich. Druzhinin and prepared all construction materials. Throughout the winter, peasants of Vyatskago and Slobodskogo drove brick, stone and logs, and lime daily. In the spring, on the first steamboats from Nizhnyago Nov city, a brick-and-stone contractor, Taras !! akarovich. Tyurin with an artel - forty. masons workers masons. A kvar of the shooting gallery was prepared - an oil mill old house opposite the house of Timofei Parfenovich Vakhrushev. Immediately started digging for buta ditch, ki zabutovѣ and preparation for official bookmarks. An official bookmark was appointed on the 1st of June 1890 by His Grace, Archbishop. Vyatskim and Slobod Skim, dean from the city of Slobodsky, father of the Protopere. eat. Andreeva. Zamyatnymi, in conjunction with other sacred servants and with. Archbishop Singers and Protodeacon. All the sweats during the construction and consecration were led by the entire Vakhrushevs, but Ilya Timofeevich and Vasily Parfenovich headed it. Relativelyfour...*.*,_______309_______The construction and laying of our temple by me is described above, in “one of the previous” chapters. I will not repeat about this, moreover, I personally have not shown any initiative in this matter. It only helped to carry out troubles or other tasks, proceeding from elders. .. In the fall of this year, in August, a month died, Fedor Timofeevich Vakhrushev. His funeral has already been described above. Pavel Fedorovkch happened at the Niktegorodskiy fair. On the fortieth day they arrived home. It was necessary to draw up an assertion and rights to follow-ups, according to the spiritual will. Mainly, this formality was required for government treasury institutions and for banks. Neither during the lifetime of Fyodor Timofeevich, nor after his death, did he have any access to any lawyers and did not have such acquaintance. We ourselves did not know how this statement should be made.The spiritual ordinance was made through the notary of the Priest of Kago. We turned to him for advice and instructions. He pointed out that since we are peasants, then call the volost foreman and clergyman, two or three-sided witnesses. To compile an inventory of immovable property, goodsѣ, debt, which is receivable and debt, which are payable, i.e. from. Fedora Tim. for goods purchased on credit. Since you, the spiritual leader, said that the cost of inheritance should be assessed by the heirs themselves, without or without outsiders, real estate and goods were advised not to lower the price, not higher than the purchase price, in order to avoid unnecessary expenses. Represented by a volost elder tire and witnesses, they have to submit through a notary public, E.P.Sven - a solemn ceremony in a district judge for approval. At the same time, at frequent_______310_______the amount due to the share of the minor sons of Fedor Tim. : Ivana and Vasiliya, as well as the volost authorities and public gatherings, guardianship was established. The following were appointed guardians: widow Olga Pavlovna and her eldest son Stepan Fedorovich.. i approval of the rights of inheritance by the District Vyatka! Sudomi, or Vѣrnѣe, senior notary. District court, if issued to us, the relevant act. We presented a copy of this to St. Petersburg., To the Main Quartermaster, and VI Vyatka — to Huber Nathor and to all banks. B Slobodsky - to the district police officer, to the zemstvo and to the Sloboda public bank. Anfilatova.Thus, everywhere, instead of Fedor Timofeevich Vakhrushev. The company was registered: The tannery of Bratyev Alexander, Paul, Stepan, Ivan and Vasily Fedorovich Vakhrushevs.for conducting business, signing contracts, bills and other official documents, all of the above approved heirs ”, many other powers of attorney were issued. The capital after the death of Fyodor Timofeevich remained approximately - one thousand twenty rubles real estate, BE. goods and cash - up to forty thousand rubles. In general, about six ten thousand rubles.The tanning backwater was small, with a production capacity of 50 to 100 leathers per day and one stone house. at the factoryѣ.The last 2-3 years with Fedor Timofeevich’s intrigue, the production of coats at his factory was carried out in total quantities from 20,000 to 23,000 leathers per year. The same amount was produced at the plant of heirs. Parfen Timofeevich, and Ivan and Ilya Timofeevich then produced from ѣ 25,000 to 30,000 a horse a hedgehog ANNUALLY.one.t. "at_______311_______After the approval of the rights of inheritance, I, as I woke up at the beginning of the next year. banking or operationsPavlozh Fed., Went around all Vyatka banks with a request - to credit them in the name of Fedor Timofeevich to transfer to him, officially indicated in the statement, heirs. They assured us that for the time being the same size has been made for us and there will be no need for any difficult or special requirements. K. nam presented. Only in the “State Bank”, the manager was more officially off the line. He said that it was inconvenient - one to open a loan for five people, and even tut and custody with little light. We have a state-owned institution, we must lend to a strictly defined legal entity, or an established company, and you should take a loan for the next. І the same chapter. You know the proverb: "One head feed a hundred heads, and next to another - it cannot feed itself -". Look at your old man, Fedor Timofeyevich, since our former Accounting Committee was well-known and he could open a loan of 3,000 rubles. How will the committee relate to the five heirs. I do not know, but personally, in such cases, not only Vam, but also others. I would recommend: either to elect one responsible person, or to establish an official company - a trading house. "They explained that for the first year we only ask to pay a loan of 3,000 rubles for the old size, and then we will arrange a trading share, probably. To mitity, consisting of local merchants, most of whom knew us, reassured the manager that everyone should go the same way as the old man - heirs are known to us. We agreed to live together, as a family, to drink and have a hundred and one house and smiling bills, all the same, as k pri dѣd ushkѣ Fedorѣ Ti mofeyevichѣ. Only personal expenses for clothing, medicine, weddings,-_______312_______ each debt should be spent at its own expense; that is, to write down such expenses to everyone in his personal account. For these expenses. determined to assign amounts: many with father, i.e. Alexander Feodorovich Vakhrushev with his family - 600 rubles. a year, Pavel Fed - Bax Rushev with his family - 600 rubles. Въ yearѣ. They talked for a long time with guardianship. Stepan was a representative of half of the property and capital in the company and proved that he should receive as much as he and Alexander. We proved to him that dividends on capitalѣ and on all property, in fact, should be divided in half, i.e. half to Alexander and Paul, and the second half to Stepan with ѣ Trust. And this personal expense is established, like a salary for labor, 600 rubles each. at. year, then Stepan, on an equal footing with older brothers, should receive only 600 rubles until the guardians reach perfect age and begin to work. But Stepan f. rested - stand your groundѣ. Finally, we offered him, along with six hundred, 800 rubles each. It’s good, i.e. two hundred rubles extra. On this and agreed. Write home. At the same time, it was decided to build a second tannery backwater, approximately the same time as the old factory at the time of the death of Fedor Tim., I.e. from. Priestly collected for the manufacture of 100 leather daily, without foreseeing until someone gets a new one and who is old. We went to the place to choose near the river, where to build this plant. They chose a place on the right. the bank of the river, i.e. in the same place, where the former and the old backwater, but upstream the river. There was just our arable land, and on it was a dug up a factory well. The small river in this place made a big bend and the place behind the well was low, the flood of the river flooded with spring.. .four.E._______313_______Taking into account that we used the right bank of the river to wash the wool together. Vasiliyem and Timofey Paired by the Vichy people, they then called them ashore to discuss how to furnish things in the future so that it was both us and comfortable for washing the wool, but also not to obstruct the construction, and most importantly, Ilavla Fedorovich wanted to observe the facade a direct line, and not put the corps with such curvilines as ѣ go the river, but the well is well; if you observe a straight line, then the outer side of the wall fell through the middle of our well 9 sq. meters and fencing depth, from which the entire backwater was supplied with water. This time they were about 3-4 years old and cost up to 3000 rubles. After a long discussion, we kept the riverbed straight for the general account of Fedorovich and Parfenovich, to fill the well, and instead of this, at our own expense, Fedorovich decided to dig 2 wells, i.e. to the old and new factory. and a new plant was determined to build the prokopannago river channel on the shore again, having drawn the wall through a col lect. When backfilling a well, it is necessary to ramp up a strong ground, but just in case, along the wall, over the well, raise the wall, although in the mornings - tilled land, but put five sapered thick pine logs, forge them between each other with iron hoops so that, in case of precipitation the earth poured into the well, the beams raised by the wall still held onto the wall. Immediately, in the autumn, they started digging a new channel of the river. Ilya Timofeevich, having seen, declared to protest that the whole spring water stream would go along a new channel and that if it were to be torn, water would already be spoiled from the heights of our wash. Everyone gathered, discussed, and decided near his factory, parallel to the new channel, dig or continue the second channel and, for two river channels, fill the snow-covered log and ground_______314_______:the coast. Use the right bank and channel for washing the wool with Fedorovich and Parfenovich, and use the left bank and left channel to Ivan and Ilya Timofeevich, for their common account, digging of the left channel and installation of the left-and-right bank. Since that year, the small river Mochovitsa through the village of Vakhrushevo began to pass through. 2-channel, and above the village and below the bridge, again went along one channel. On another year, the bridge across the river, for a general account, was rebuilt anew and a new one was made almost the entire width of the street.At the end of the street, on the left side along the stream, stood a large wooden barn - a storehouse with a length of 10 sai., That is, the entire width of the street. And all 4 brothers used the gla for the storage of the udders of that wool, and in winter the bark. It was divided into 4 parts, to the horn of the village Trofimovskaya walked past this labava, but at the end of the street to get around the labaza, the next si tract turned right. And on the right side, at the end of the street, Vasily and Andrey Parfeno vichi decided to build a new stone house, leaving the old house by love. Timofey Partenovich. Then, to the horn, in the village of Trofimovskaya, she appeared on their yard. It was decided to break the whole camp and to transfer all the logs and boards from it to the church for firewood — burn the alabaster for plaster, as well as the oiled house, when it is freed from the apartment vanіya Kamenschikov. Labaz was immediately broken and the road was laid right in the middle of the street, at the end of which a field gate was set. Vasiliy and Andrey Parfenovichi began to build their own% home the same year. Ilan was asked to draw Druzhinin. The last prepared and presented a plan by them, I liked everything, but Vasily Par, while the windows were closed, are too wide: the heat will be dragged out to the ground._______315_______Kamenshchikov was contracted by the same Nizhny Novgorod people who built the church, but ordered to make the windows to the tops already, and the rest was according to plan. Contractor. T.1. Tyurin protested that the whole facade would deteriorate, it is better to ask the squad to transfer plans, they should be changed proportionally, but Vasily IIapp. insisted on his own. Tak and lined up. I’ll send you a good one, but you immediately understand the appearance, the disadvantages. In the last Vasily Parf. and they themselves realized that they had done in vain in their own way.During the winter, we began to prepare birch and stone and wood for our plant, and the middle ceiling between the floors was blown to make arches in two-tee-iron girders. They ordered iron at the Ural factories. I have beams, assuming to build the plant not in a hurry for the next summer, or even a year later.Taking into account that Fedor Timofeevich was buried under the church under construction, the tombs were smashed, we BE. this same autumn, they decided to leave this tomb and immediately consecrate a small chapel of the church, in honor of the Prophet Elijah, but at the same time, against the grave, mark the icon of Fyodor Stratilat, celebrated on February 6 - the day of the angel Fyodor Timofeevich. Immediately ordered oak iconostasis. Ilyin. Icons ordered to write in Slobodskaya Dvichіy Ionastyr. Utensils, books and vestments PavelFedorovich E on the list of Kutі іil and sent sweating from E But the squires. Everything was ready by January 1891. Slobodskaya dean, father Andrei Zamyatin, consecrated this parish. With us, you were modestly obduѣ with the participation of all the Vakhrushevs. Ilya Timofeevich was apparently offended that we, as the least donors for the construction, took the initiative in front of him, although we were small when we did, but we immediately arranged and consecrated and hosted while blessingEpuppies on the rights of the churchwarden. Then for the rest Ilya Ti.one:_______316_______Mofeevich is poisonously syostril: "Look, thank God, we have arranged my nieces and a church with us." But no one hindered him from this, as it were, “Heard. For the Divine Services, the Preo was allowed to bring priests one by one from the village of Vodkova, since there was a two-cantonous village. For the first time, we Fedorovichi, taking charge of everything and expenses. during the service, when they brought and took the priest with a psalm-goer, and he helped to sing the choir, but not only we alone, that is, members of our family Fedorovich, but also from the family of Parfenovich, Ivanovich and Elijah, whose first priest for servicesѣ ofѣ Volkova prіѣzzhal father Ignatius psal the driver, Nikiforomi Mihichich, if the following priests had to pass, the second priests, father of John Orlov, and the psalmist, his son, ME Vladimirovich Ivanovich, and I heard that he was well-known. Sending a horse after him, I wrote a letter so that Vladimir Ivanovich could bring notes and teach us to write a liturgy with notes, did they bring them, believing that we already understand the notes and assumed before the liturgy? familiarize yourself with the voices and make a link. I got the notes; let’s test me first, but I didn’t have any notes. They waved a hand by zero, said: “Write to bring notes: I was delighted to form a polecat, but you don’t even know the alphabet. Let’s begin to study without a song to sing at least“ Lord have mercy. ”For a long time our song was not adjusted until it took an energetic Nya.SHE clerks, 21khail Petrovichi Ivanov, the sons of Bobinsk Psalms, they knew the tones of the voices and understood the notes. As a result, he already drank and learned to sing both the vowel and established each voice according to the length; I was the first tenor. and quiteE_______317_______-.strong, but only hearing was not. Ivanov led our amateur mansion for a long time, even when the entire completed church was already consecrated. On the very first year, the church in the tombs was consecrated in. January, and February was the wedding of my sister Anfisa Alexandrovna, who married Afanasy Ivanovich Platunov. They first finished in the basement church of the village of Voznesensko-Vak Rushevsk and Af. Willow Once again, you kind of donated to the temples, bought and donated good prizes for the benefit of our temple. For the ceremony, they brought in from Vyatka, from the Cathedral of Alexander, Protopriest Father Peter / last name I don’t remember him. They just entered the cathedral ѣ rector of the place of the deceased father of John Rednikov.The last day we had a place with us. hug and after dinner everyone began to gather to go on a wedding train in the name of Ivan Yakovlevich Kalinin, who was Uncle Af. Iv.platunov and the godfather, he was also a planted father or a thousandth.While they were about to leave, the guests, during the time of the drunken party, grouped themselves into the dining room. The dishes from the wedding table were collected and put on 2 tables, standing near the stove. Both tables were filled with plates, bowls and tea utensils. Timo Fey Parfenovich walked close, and in a half-voice pulled some kind of pesenka; or he swayed, or just sat down on the edge of the table si according to the judge, - he just so fell over on it, and so did the tabletops with the edge. the table top of the 2nd table came up, then when the first one fell so much, the edge of the tabletop lifted the whole tabletop and at the 2nd table, and all the dishes from both the table and the thunder fell on the floor - everything developed into small pieces.Since the guests have left, and "the owners staying at home, atThey drove me in order, I’ve lost my way in quality1.1.one.E_______318_______. Yuschago brother / chases. I had to drive a mile 30-35. At night, for they went out of the clock. 8 in the evening, in the villages it was customary not only to banter, but also to the coachmen to treat to their fill. Thus, almost all the coachman got drunk, and under the newlyweds there was a logadi - the best trophy. Willow Yak. Kalinin, the horses are hot, and the coachmen are drunk all the rest of them - let's overtake all of them, and rushed ahead, not looking back; left all. Behind them ѣhal themselves Yves. Yak. Kalinin. At first I tried not to get away from the 1st troika, then I started singing my 2nd troika, ѣhal quieter, thinking - the first horses are krpіkіya, know how to drive on reliable, coachmen - let them drive, and we take all the rest together, so as not to get lost, it’s more that we, who have fallen for the trouble in a few triples, have fallen for the first time and didn’t know the roads — we might get lost. They arrived at Ralinin BE inѣ ne, never having caught up with the bride and groom, i.e. olodnyh. The entrance to the courtyard is visible. BE home ѣ complete sanctification, we believe that the young ear of the house - clearly, we’ve reached faster, ahead and gone.We enter the house, it turns out - young nt, not yet% hali. Willow Yak. Kalinin: steel Worrying - where the young have gone. Really the coachmen mixed up the road with a drunk, got lost and didn’t go off somewhere. E was given for two hours, finally E began to dine without the young. An hour at 6 in the morning, it’s already spread out, we can see through the window - “blow the young ones in three” steps, and download the front horse by 3 legs, and the 4th leg is broken. Entering and telling me that I lost 12-13 verst from our village, their coachman quickly drove around the Vyatka River, BE turned the river to turn the horses on the wrong side, and at full speed, with the whole three, from the shore, there was a steep cliff , fell down on the ice of the river with a tall fathom of 5-6. Losha di fell one on top of the other. The wagon turned upside down.to_______319_______mi, and from the front, the wagon was tightly covered with a leather apron, the lower end was nailed to the goat, and the upper end, on the ring of the trouser, was fastened to the top of the wagon. The young fell on this apron and, as they were sitting on the suitcase, they turned over and the cart fell upside down, the suitcase turned over them and pressed both aprons down, it was impossible to unfasten the ring, and the coachman crushed the goats to ice and snow, so all three breathe and cannot do anything. Hear - up the roadѣ c. bells and bells and drove all the rest, the wedding three. Finally, Asanasii-Ivanovich strongly rested and cut off one ring at the apron, got out into the side hole, pulled out Anfi su Al, and the coachman, but they could not lift the cart. hear - someone else етьdet with a bell. Afanasy Ivanovich got out of the ice onto the lake, got up on the road and shouted: "Stop, who is the child. Help us, we have a misfortune." It turned out that Andrei Andreevichi Brovtsin was blowing up with his wife, also from the village of Vakhrusheva - the guests were invited to see us all, especially to watch our wedding. Having learned, for good reason, they went down to the ice, tried to lift the cart and by the steps, to see - it was impossible. Leaving the coachman, put your young crew and your crew on the goat, went to the village of Chepitsu to the Brovtsynsky factory. II bring them home to you, while telling your wife to treat young tea, they took a dozen workers themselves and on other horses and pounded a cliff. They raised the newcomer and horses, whether they pulled everything from the ice upstairs, onto the road. They again harnessed Kalininskaya from the celebrated troika and entered the Brovtsynsky factory. All this took 3-4 hours. I had to young already ot Cheptsy to the name Kalinin ѣhah sha gom, because the third horse jumped a little on 3 legs and, thus, they only developed, completely exhausted, reached: 5 to.oneoneeleven_______320_______ the place of appointment, and instead of the wedding celebration, they spent the night in great horror, almost suffocated through the door.In the name of Kalinin, we celebrated the wedding for three days. My parents are Papana Aleksandr Fedorovich and Mama Alexandra Ivä-. new, come with my wife’s parents - Alex. Alexandro vichem and Apollinarieva Alekseevna Rukavishnikovs for the wedding at the name of Kalinin on the 2nd day in the evening, i.e. to the feast of feast, and to the pedometer Likhail Alekseyevich Rukavishnikov and Aleksandr Ivano Vichy Vakhrushevі arrived with a wedding train. B. The first day of our time.Ivan Yakovlevich Kalinin had a pretty young lady of 18, an adopted daughter from a cook, but was raised at the expense of I.Ya. Kalinin and studied at the gymnasium. Mikhail Alekseevich Sleeves - Nikov, during your wedding evenings, did you take care of this? the young lady, Tatyana Yakovlevna Kalinina, and sent her an offer, but for some reason the wedding did not take place. On the way back we went to Rukavi. Znikovs entered the village of Vovgala, Tamgostil at his son-in-law Fedor Ivanovich Koy sin with his youngest daughter, a bar-line.We went to his son-in-law to meet with Yosin and on the way to look at the bride, again for the same. A. Rukavishnikova. He, of course, was with us, again struck him - by courting a little and this one; the young lady was also pretty and studied at Slobodsko? hen gymnasium. But for some reason, and with Foysin, the sovereignty did not take place. BE posledstva I.A. RukavitsHI Ikel himself did not find Vyatka, and married a poor orphan, seamstress Elizaveta Nikolaevna Kashina.October 30, 1890 was born to us son Vikentіy. Kre styles it in our house, in the old houseѣ. Recipients were:TTAІoneone2,_______321_______ - my wife’s dad, Alexey Alexandrovich Rukavishnikov and my sister, Anfisa Aleksandrovna Vakhrusheva / i.e. while she was a baryna.In the lower floor of the diligent house, my parents and I occupied only two rooms, until I still had children - it seemed that it was nice to be content with two rooms, although even then all three spirits were stale, unhealthy. The milking mother was weak-breasted, she was constantly supported with medications, and we, children, were weak and thin. Doctors, treating her and inspecting her, always said that it was necessary to rent an apartment, because there was not enough air, because in the rooms only three arshins were pulled out. There was a need to build a new houseѣ or rebuild the old one. After the death of grandfather Fedor Timofeevich, due to the increase in my number of children, - and Stepan already had a young daughter - the first question was that the house was expanded, because they went to the first half of the misunderstanding due to general expenses on th for each of their relatives. It was decided: to finally divide the entire economy and live at their own expense. Step with your younger brothers and with your mother Olga Ilavlovno - you are the upper etal, with your family and with your parents, and the sister and Anfisa and Anno should have the lower ethan. The workers' kitchen was removed from the E and the other floor, having built a kitchen for workers in the second floor of the factory, one was a waste room, the entrance to the kitchen was a separate staircase and instead of a kitchen for workers, they began to keep a baker-porridge Zara, a man with an assistant E - a boy,BE homeѣ the kitchen, which was the entire width of the house, was divided into two; from the side of the street they separated 2 1/2 sais, put up a clean room, a child’s room for my family, plastered, changed the floor, ok Isoty_______322_______connected by plywood door to the remaining rooms. In the other two rooms, the roofing turned out to be higher than in the kitchen, and therefore, in the old 2 rooms, they laid the floor on a half-arshin, having selected NECK CE with a new room. The entire tucaturka was smoothed over, beaten, whether the floors were painted, and at the other end of the house, they made a small bedroom-bedroom out of the closet, setting up a round, small stove. Thus, we got an apartment with 4 rooms and a fifth kitchen, the former master kitchen, and for the upper floor we arranged a kitchen below, in the 2nd half of the former working kitchen, enter this kitchen, that is, for the upper floor, we adapted Ie - the old staircase, Exo the wondrous early and master kitchen, but it was handed over to the owner, i.e. from our kitchen, a wonderful staircase was closed off tightly, so that we got completely independent apartments. The office from the upper floor was also transferred to the factory, there was a burn: efia separate room B. 2 windows between the planing room and the bedroom in the 2nd floor, there he was engaged in book science n.P. Ivano 13 E.At the same time, we decided the family was ready to build a new house. At first, I decided to build Stepan F., but he stretched out a year and refused. Alexander. . and Pavel F. took over the construction of the Novago house. Together, evaluating the old total of only 4000 rubles. with all the extensions, they left Stepan Si the younger brothers in this amount, i.e. From E total capital, we should have taken only 4,000 rubles for the general account, and which of the more is spent on the line, then write off to the account of Alexander and Pavel Fedorovich? in half. This autumn Ilya Timofeevich lured Parfeno’s accountant Mikhail Petrovich Ivanov into the same autumn, offer him a double salary. I already knew an accountless, sinceНҮlfourx_______323_______TERBUTTkі i.For two years, Vel books on trade B2 Llo well, but the factory ones themselves weren’t worth well, appealed for advice to N.P. To Ivanov; according to his instructions, he sent together books of temporary notebooks and the first time. at the end of the month, I went to LIikhail Petrovich to confer and learn how to reduce monthly balances. || donkeyI quickly learned everything all year long. 11 Rovel in these notebooks. This year turned out to be unprofitable: we allotted for the whole year only 17,000 leathers and the result was a loss of 14,000 rubles. Our cash capital has almost fallen by half. I made an annual report. Stepan b. he became doubtful whether there was any negative side of evil intent in his favor. Secretly from all, I led the negotiations on 11 ... Ivanov, so that he, for a special reward, would lie about all my annual book work and would copy from notebooks to uniform books. At the same time, they persuaded Ivanov to return to us again, increasing his reward even higher than what they received from Ilya Tiy. This way. M.P. Ivanov was carried only for one year by Ilya T .; come back to us, check and rewrite our books in reporting, without changing the number, so, like: errors. or there were no errors, and the reportѣ were signed.The 1890th year throughout the whole of Russia was a year of severe crop failure: neither bread nor grass did not grow, cattle weren’t good to feed, dead sow all the grass of the visitors: glo. Everywhere, peasants began to slaughter and sell their livestock for slaughter; it turned out to be a huge offer at the bazaars of meat and meat. 1ѣ They badly fought 11 3. But honey! - Kami Kazan-Vyatskaro paiona was a great competition with. Mos Kovskiva in the area. Alabuzov, the circular Kazan sky breeder, decided to destroy the Oskov rivals, as I described above, take away two-thirds of the contracts, and only less than a third went to:tPERE:at r_______324_______for all Vyatka breeders, at a loss-making price. BE in view of this, despite the unprecedented cheapness of raw materials, there was a large loss of current, and all the breeders worked at their plants a reduced amount, almost half.In autumn, at the beginning of the purchase of raw materials, usually at the beginning of raw material fairs, we figure out how much you can collect cash for the purchase of raw materials, both yours and take from a bank - take into account friendly bills. For there is a butcher in his own local bazaar BE Slobodoszcz, and in Siv in the Perm province, the purchase is made only for cash.On Sivѣ, i.e. in the local governorate, the purchase is made, although from the butchers, but through commissioning, a local breeder is contacted by the breeder, who takes the breeder on his horses through the bazaars, providing him with an apartment and warehouses, finding carriages to send to the factories , and so on; For this, take the breeder’s bootloader komissіyu: 10 or 15 K. with coca. ІІupupa according to the specified breeder. values ​​and only for cash. Such commissions were on Siv up to a dozen people: the Shardakov brothers, Yakov T. Vakhrushev, an old man, them. Willow Karelin, Wadygin and more. Before leaving for Siwa, I, who was formerly a guest of Ivan Tim., Accidentally saw a bank submission on a counted promissory note of Ivan T. v Perm Yevihailo VE Ev. Karelin for 5000 rubles. I come to mine, the next day I am telling Stepan and the Fed. and I conclude that Karelin’s commissions to trust Ivan Tii. and buy more others, apparently to him, Ivan T. give you a hundred money ahead of the century with salaries, and taking into account promissory notes in money, buy the raw materials for van T. ’Isn’t this possibleBfiEBUTABOUT..2}_______325_______ to look, or whether it is impossible to lure Garelin to himself - to get to us. Stepan, the most recent years annually with. You can confirm Parfenovich on Siva for raw materials, confirm that indeed, Karelin often go, almost every week, to Perm and all that is secret in your ear with Konstantin. Kvanovich. If you take a chance on a penny or a dime, give him a count of missions more expensive than the Ivanovichs, then wash and entice him to me. I have expressed that according to the disclosure of the Sivinsk party, I always give a ruble or a half extra skin for extra money in comparison with other regions, but, of course, even a quarter to give sqm is interesting, if only to buy more for Siv. So they decided to try to take Karelin’s self into the partnership with the contributors. Stepan F. SE Vasiliyem Par). we sent three days to you to Siwa before the others, and so far, until the other breeders arrived, we have agreed the best commissions: 1.I. Karelina and Jacob. Tiia. Vakhrusheva, eat that if you can take into account bills, then you will buy the whole season without an E stop. Only banks existed in Perm earlier: State, public, Perm and Volyavko-Amsk, but before this year two more banks were opened: Russian for foreign trade bank and Siberian bank. By competing, banks began to interrupt the attraction of a clientele with merchandise and bills of exchange. First and foremost, there were NO Bills of Vyatsky: XI factory-..chikov. i..i. Korelin, followed by Ya.T. Wahrushev. With great pleasure at all, all bills were taken into account and promoted ahead of them. take into account bills as much as you like, if only the deadlines were no more than nine months. Due to this, Fedorovi chi and Parfenovichi bought up to 28, 000 koya in Sivѣ during the autumn 14,000 horses in every backwater and this autumn did not sing V. Siberia, -_______326_______In autumn I stayed at home with my dad, Aleksandr Fe Dorovich. They bought leather at the Slobodskiy bazaar, but I don’t have much, because cash was needed here, and there was a lack of beauty in them. As mentioned above, the construction of the church and the laying took place this summer, at the same time a church house was being built for the clergy, on the left corner of the street, when leaving the postal tract. But in the fall Ilya Tim. I decided to take this house for free, and build for that reason, instead of it, at my own expense, the same 2-storey stone and exactly the same size and according to the same plan, but on a different side road. He invited the volost senior bus with a clerk, gathered the householders of his village, on the 1st floor of each house, and suggested that we initially built a church on one side of the tract, and a church and clergy house on the other side of the tract, but did not provide for such inconvenience and Some troubles can happen: The main reason for this is to walk across the postal tract in the spring and autumn through the mud, and in winter through the snowdrifts of snow, so you’ll need to make more of the sidewalks across the tract. The second, folk tricks: if Paul crossed the road before passing, then unhappiness. Liva will ride. It’s possible that this is nonsense, at the time of arrival it’s empty, you can’t lie to much of this, but it could happen: the priest rescues the temple, crossed the E path, and RE at that time ѣ eat some drunk peasant E or a foreigner, at least a Tatar or a Jew, take this, and begin to scold the priest. Involuntarily troubles are troubles for all. Then, before it’s too late, Ilya Tim. He suggested that for a private house and for a manor allot our common arable land against the porches and the church under construction, on which he would build a house at his own expense for the clergy, and on_______327_______ take the corner of the street for yourself. We unanimously recognized the motives expressed by Ilya Tim. deserving of attention, and the proposal - Instead of being built on the corner of the street of the house - you can build, on the other side of the path, against the church the same house - no harm to the community does not bring. They unanimously decided: the proposal to accept. The volost authorities drew up sentences and we all signed, i.e. Ilya Tim., Ivan Ivanovich E, Timofey Parfeno Vich and Peter Aleksandrovich Vakhrushevs. In the time period established by law, sentence entered into legal force and higher authority. Zemsky chief - approval. Vasiliy Parfenovich with the Stan Fed, returning home by the end of December and learning about the verdict, expressed a claim that Ily Tim. they took the second courtyard to build a second house on the tract, and all of his brothers had only one courtyard at the place after the houses, but it was already impossible to return it. Gathered, and began to discuss how to arrange so that it was harmless for all 4 brothers. We decided to extricate from the common land of all the arable land and bridal land according to the plan all the necessary land that should go to the church, the church square, the house of worship and the estate, i.e. garden for print. Take all the rest of the land on a plan and divide it into 4 equal parts so that each plant has enough land to expand the plant and to build a house or two, so that the entire front side of the street is divided into all four equally. to each of 4at least arable land overlooking the path; so as to divide into 4 equal parts all the flesh - by glaciers. If the braids over the river are also divided into 4 equal parts, but since it is possible to grow different things in different parts of the land with crooked lands, then by sentencing, through..g_______328_______rural municipality authorities, decided to annually change their plots of land, so that every 4-year-old land mows in vain. Redi kaldym. brother and the fifth year is again the first.- Mikhail Petrovich Ivanov undertook to plan and take off the plan, moreover, we had astrolabs and all the boundary tools that were case 10 purchased by Aleksem Aleksandrovich. The Rukavishnikovs and Е БЕ Vyatkѣs of some kind of auction, but because he didn’t need it, I bought from him at cost, for 3 or 5 rubles, just out of curiosity, and then soon came in handy, During the summer of 1831, 2-3 Once a week, we almost went, mainly .. 11. Ivanovs, removed to the plan and distributed equal doors, and then darkened the steamboat into equal bands. Separating the last day, and so: it’s the same, just the same amount of square fathoms for everyone who gave the ridge. Then everything was put in order, summoned for the L: i account of the official land surveyor to check the entire plan BE natural. Everything turned out to be exactly correct. The hedgehog’s land was murdered, and the lull was taken off at: 0 and they all were certified by a notary, and after the last, everyone approved them. state records. In sole ownership. Thus: at 3 = 0 the owner of the village of Voznesensko-Vakhrushevskago, there were already three villages on the communal land. Whether there were communal mowing, and the m itself sat down. only four landowner owners were listed and the fifth — church priests.In the year 1890, the construction of the Perm-Otlas railroad began through Vyatka. It was connected by Vol_: sko - !! Dvinoli-pѣkoї through the railway line.The government used these ways to connect Central Russia and the Ural Range, and through the Per-Tyumen Railway.Ert,:about:onetR.but:іbutoneі ін!one_______329_______To connect Siberia with the Arkhangelsk port, in order to have the shortest route for the export of bread and mountains: from abroad and abroad. For Vyatka with. 40,000 residents, standing on the shores of the shallow river Vyatka, connected by the railway Permi and the Northern Dvina, were already a huge advantage for the development of lucrative trade and an increase in the population of the city. The passenger and freight station, as well as the railway depot, were booked and did you arrange the last visit near a theological seminar, that is, between the seven people and the provincial provincial hospital.local forestry workers began to prepare flakes and sleepers, to sell and deliver for the under construction / d. I use and use something by-product from: 110stroy? ki iron to the horns. I prepared 500 pieces of rafted wood for children, for contract with Dmitriy Ivanovich Zonov / step-son Stepan Euzmich Pukhov / lay on the bank of the river Vyatka on a stone, where lime is published, approximately 4–5 thousand rubles. But the money for the whole wood and limestones and for the breeder !! is not paid immediately, but during the next part of Zila, so it didn’t require or cost me money or for the difficulty, because I need it, BY KAIVA About the company , no separate funds. During autumn and winter, harvesting for yachts / d began. limes for the construction of the train station stone depots. As part of our CE in the village of the village of Zazalinsky hill. peasant. Avtonov Alexeyevich. Rusano He has the village of Stone circus. He was a young son-in-law Ivan Fedorovich E Chirkov, who was engaged in the production of lime in the bush in the phbi way. Offline. Aleksevich Rusaniv was a sober peasant, sober, working, had shoe shooing and an awl for our number of shoe factories / work slave boots /Linikr??t g? .tLEem_______330_______. . . . . . . . . and repaired old annually; and to 1890 was considered the ear for• well-to-do peasant. All Wahrunners - breeders beat him. Auto *but Alekseyevich and put forward a lot of thought to prepare firewood and, at my acquaintance, VE Vyatka, whether it would be possible to get his son-in-law through me to deliver limestone to the railway during construction, and what works, pour in half. As a result, it turned out that the stone buildings on the railway. there was little, they bought little lime, but nevertheless got it and arranged for him at a rate. Help Chirkov buy shiTHKE near Kotelnich for lime alloys along the river, from the stone to the city of Vyatka. Part of the lime was sold in railroad, partly in private urban construction, and. part - at Vyatskie tanneries. Vsdrova I.T. Chirkov spent from and through the gene with the Xenovs he calculated in a timely manner without any misunderstanding. But the benefits of this business were expected, According to him, thousands of rubles in kayadago, and in the end, it turned out 500 rubles for two, i.e. 250 or not more than 300 rubles for each half. But I came true, etc. satisfied, at least after trying the famous craft, I watched how: all this does, I can say in detail from TAKING it into account, and Esa didn’t pay for science, although it’s penniless, but it still worked. But the risk was decent, because for firewood before E D.I. Zonov responsibility - was completely on a lot. In the future, of course, I’m ear to the development of news or compilation of a company with. Chirkov completely refused.Tue this year, the venerable merchant of the homeowner Lets, Alexander Yakovlevich, died in Vyatka !! His habitation is on Khlynovskaya ulitsa, next to the house of Ilya! Ikodimovich :: eludkova, against henskago ": (rxo Great school. A.Ya. !! azakovѣ was a memberone_______331_______Nom the accounting committee of the State Bank in Vyatka and exported roses and oats to Arkhangelsk in the winter by horses, and from Arkhangelsk sometimes brought salted fish: cod and haddock - ram, selling it to Vyatka fish and grocery merchants, and also from ArkhanGelska brought seals fat - blubber, selling Vyatka and Slobodsky tannery to breeders. The merchants also traded the same goods: Pyotr Gavrilovich Anchukov / for some reason he was given the nickname Slobodskyѣ: Solovѣs /, Mikhail Petrovich Vorobyev and Ivan E. Lukich Kolotov. They also bought oats, rye, flaxseed, and flax fibers — tow in Slobodsky and Glazovsky; All this, before winter, was sent by horse to the Arkhangelsk port, along Vyatka, and then along the Noshulsky tract, to be exported abroad and back from E Arkhangelsk, salted fish and blubber were also brought for Vyatka and Slobodsky plants. We sometimes bought a merchant's blubber from Slobodskys, but in this last year of life, Fedor Timofeevich bought a thief's van from Al.Yakazakov and he was given a long-term promissory note, which I paid even after the death of A.Ya. Kazakova. Taking into account that among the Vyatsk merchants A.Ya. Kazakov was considered a respectable citizen and consisted of prominent vowels of the city of Vyatka, a lot of people gathered for his funeral and removal. They were a widow and had an only daughter, a young lady 22–23 years old, and they had a housekeeper, an elderly woman. On the day I was taken home from church to church, I was in Vyatka and considered it my duty to go out, bow down and say goodbye to the deceased. When they brought the coffin to rest - nobody from the house, descending from the stairs to the house - the hallway was very tight - the deceased daughter and housekeeper, all with lighted wax candles, followed the tombs almost right up to the grave. Eco backside ecoE_______332_______Nomki. Wii, that the housekeeper, not forgetting it, set fire to her mantle veil with her wax candle, which, like gunpowder, burst into flames and the fire began to get closer to her face. I kept my candle: Be left pok; extinguished it, and on the right they seized the burning Eual and, together with a hat, pulled their heads off, threw fire at their feet and coddled. It all happened so fast, almost in one minute. The economies and the daughter got scared and couldn’t have time to come to their senses, and behind him there was Aleksandr Andreyevich Khltbnikov. They all saw, but he didn’t manage to give any help. As soon as he lifted the flask from the floor, tore off the remains of the old veil from it, straightened 11 LI Lyapka, put the housekeepers on his head and reassured that, thank God, everything worked out well. On the other day, the whole town began to say that if P.A. Vakhrushev had been waiting for a minute, 70 Khiva burning torches would have followed A.Ya.Razakov, and you would have been burnt out by the burnt dead - daughter and housekeeper. After a month, two months later, the funeral of Kazakoz, when the deadline for paying the bill for blubber approached, I BE day of the deadline came to the same: E BE home, bring money to buy the bill. Alexandra Yakovlevna's daughter and economist. And they brought me to the living room and thanked me that I was their life, for they had already said Al. Andrei Khlibnikov and he were looking only for the occasion, as they see, they would give me 110bl and to give me. 11 provided Khlbnikov with a bill of money and sії grew up, whether the relative of the bill holder would save us. Khlebnikov. IM E confirmed that this is a grandson of the drawer. Old people die now, probably a grandson. and come down Valiat to pay. Do not worry, bring the money on time themselves, then thank them. Indeed, when he thanked me very much.t4R7G.G.Gtist 'Bettefј.onettRone.one.(about_______333_______On the next page. year: they didn’t sell anything at all, and for their own factory, the ravine had to be personally prepared already, and I bought it at. Slobodsky have 10 of them. Peter. Vorobyov, and every year they bought from him, also with an E loan, and sometimes we even borrowed money from him. A II.G. Anchukoz, who was a large trader of bread and flax directly abroad, did not become interested in bringing vars from E Arkhangelsk to E Slobodskaya. In such a way they will stop raiding and trading. The old man Pyotr Gevrilovich lived up to 30 and all lived in Slobodsky. } {I have a lot of houses in Slobodskoy and visiting horses and carriages, and all went around in the city. Every market day to go around all the bazaars and valued all goods. All: they knew the price, but didn’t buy anything, but come home, tell the clerk: "Come to the bazaar: on the right side, in the third telfalgѣ rћa the man is very good and sell at 20 011. for pood. Buy 31 Paul-pud "! and Tact Dale. Dazal I.G. Anchuk to small merchants and artisans a day and borrow at small interest rates, but only who he likes. They told such a case. One mu 2.Ichku they gave 2000 rubles a year. I ordered you to come to the appointed child after completing the base - money will be prepared and a bill of exchange - you will count. money and then write a bill of exchange. And the snake come; ІІ.G. Anchukov wait for him with his office. Get the money from the chest and gives the peasant: count, and the bill Polokh: 41lv for so. Vuzhik, not counting, the money was poured into paper N 14: E and slipped. E quarantine, take a pen to sign a bill. P. .. AnchukOE HER says: "Wait a minute to get the signatures, get the money, I’ll recalculate it myself - I’m not mistaken." A man took money from an E wallet. P.G. put themtirt::oneg. :}1 tg15thI 1LJt: LlTTTҮ **onePaulbutand I?Rt_______334_______ back into the chest and say: "I’ve thought it over, don’t give it. You take money, don’t think it, you shouldn’t think about returning it. Therefore, it’s better I don’t give it to you." The peasant was frightened: “Why are you, Pyotr Gavri, catch me, I didn’t even dare to count you. I know that you counted wrongly, and I’m completely lying to you.” Well, you’re lying in vain, everyone can be mistaken, although you believe a lot, but now I don’t lie to you. I already have such an impression: whoever doesn’t think of money should beware ". That’s not far off. Once again they said about the same II.G. Anchukova: he’s ѣzdil v Arkhangelsk, and on the northern Dvinѣ tonul. Passed by the men. Anchukov tearfully persuaded him to be able to pull him out of the ice. Help the man and ask him to reward him. II.G. Anchukov gives him the two-headed 120 kopecks /. The men say: “What, merchant, save my life. Is your life worth only two bones of vennago. "Anchukov distracted:" Yes, you have little to eat. We have a double-headed, a working whole day, and I agree to work, and even then it’s hard to find work. And you’ve worked for half an hour, help a little, and you don’t have two bumps: be afraid of God, robbing for nothing, for nothing, without any work. ”But Pyotr Gavrilovich’s son, Mikhail Petrovich Anchukov, was already fully European, although educated and educated, but you used to be a lot abroad and you lived in Petersburg permanently, having your own mansion on Angliyskaya Naberezhnaya, and was considered to be large businessmen, not only in the Vyatka province, but also in Petersburg and abroad. but not for long, was a vowel of the town of Slobo District and Slobodsky Zemstvo, was elected to all honorary posts and, more recently, one time was elected from Slobodsky as an elector before the governorate and the State Duma, but he did not run for deputies.,_______335_______For the last time I came into contact with him among the Zemstvo vowels and happened to be in his house in Petersburg and once Slobodsky, in his name day.I describe in detail the recollection of the old man Petr Gavrі ilich vich Anchukov, although I personally am him. almost didn’t touch, but our grandfather, Fedor Timofeevich and all his brothers treated KE old Petr Gavrilovich Anchukov with great respect and always met with reverence and E bowed, and he approached them, said hello to them, and talked about the whole seven , each of EI knew the whole family, and we, young women, the old people put him in: priymir. In the last year of the life of the grandfather Fedor Tim., On a market day in the fall, when I buy skin from a meat row, I see that P.G. Anchukovѣ. Give a hand and ask: "You, young man, whose will you be." I dismiss: "The grandchildren of Fedor Timofeevich Vakhrushev, the son of his eldest son, Alexander Gedorovich." Anchukovi say: “Look good, I’m sure you should. But for now, takeowe your money, buy your skin, and when you finish all your business, you will go home. - forget about me. home, you’ve got to the office, if I’m a bit, come to the house opposite, there yakh ya woo. ”I was surprised and delighted: what, suddenly, did the main Sloboda millionaire need. And I had the invitation to go to him. Finishedѣ I came and came in. They invited me to the office, began to ask me once: how many bought kokhi. Why today there are none of the elders. How do you work, you don’t care for leather. And so on. Then ask whether you have left for Viva, or when who will go to the Ocherskiy Plant ”at the Mi Khailovsky Fair. I reject that tomorrow I’ll leave yut Vasilіy Parfenovich Stepan Fedorovichem PG Anchukov speak..:.". "t_______336_______ Look, this is very good and by the way. I also assumed that if you didn’t leave, then you should leave not later than tomorrow. You ask your grandfather Fyodor Timofeyevich if he should destroy my son Stepan and take my parcel with him. I need you to send an essay about the Mikhailovsky Fair to a little money to your clerk, although it’s fine to take a little money to bring our goods to the fair when you have a hoot, but you can’t add enough money to bring. Bank ѣ to outline, it is necessary to transfer from Vyatka to Perm, and from чера Ocher to Perm ѣ trip for money and back -Sweep 2-3 days, then the "fair" is not to sing. Look, I remembered that Fedor Timofeevich went there every year. If you haven’t left yet, I hope Fedor Timofeevich will not refuse to resolve the transfer, then tomorrow let Stepan F. save it in the morning for me: I get up early and prepare the money, I won’t delay it .. "I bowed and walk away, tell me the accuracy pass on the soul.Come home, he explained everything in detail in the presence of the whole family for evening tea. The child is right-handed in surprise: "Is it really true. Peter Gavrіylovich has such a trust in us. He must be served, a very good hundredRick. The first rich man you are our county, and not proud and does not disdain - our brother. peasants. Whenever I meet, always - Stop and talk about everythingѣ to talk, and know everything. Here and you take such people, take example, do not disdain to stand and talk to those who are better than you. We are against the Anchukovs an almost imperceptible trifle, he never thought that he would be useful to us for something, or that he would have to ask for something from us, but without it. “he always treated us with all greed{_______337_______ it must be considered a fortune to do him a little service. Tomorrow, Stepan, come to him and give him my bow and say that I am flattered by his attention and trust. If he’s lying, then we’ll be happy to take them away and give them. ” If you give money to an unsealed envelope, be sure to count with him and give a receipt that you received such a letter for delivery to the backwater for transfer to such a person, and if you give it to an envelope, inspect the seal and you received a receipt that you received for delivery bags with such a wax seal, then do not mention the amount in the receipt and do not ask Pyotr Gavrilovich about the size of the amount. When you receive it, hide in his presence money in felt boots for the boot, together with your own. ”So it was all done. It was prepared 5000 rubles, not sealed. Stepan Fed. counted, wrote a receipt. Petri Woof. said: “Look, the good old man and his children and grandchildren are good, you know all the rules. I haven’t managed to ask for a little memo, but you already guessed it yourself. But you’re there, when you transfer the money to my clerk, then leave him also take the list that you received from Slobodsky ot P.G. Anchukov sent to Stepan F. Vakhrushev E 5000 rubles for the purchase of goods.And when you return home from Siwa, come back to me again and we will exchange notes. I’ll hand over the receipt to the clerk, and I will return your receipt to you. "Old people I.G. Anchukov servants loved to keep their localand most served with him to death. Paying employees, comparatively for that time, is good and demandingATAKuhfair. How under his leadership came out a good koimer_______338_______Santa. In youth at I.G. Anchukova served. Ivan Alekseevich Saltykov, the father of which, with the other sons, lived in the village of Saltyka, Ilyinsky volost, Slobodsky uzd, beyond the Red Vyatka, and conducted furrier-squirrel production, and then when IvanAl. Saltykov went away from Ot Anchukov, bought a house in Simonova Dvor in Slobodsky’s house, and also engaged in furrier service. I’ve already been the good and rich merchant of the town of Slobodsky, but I’ll write about it in more detail below.The son of old man Anchukov, Mikhail Iletrovich, was not very satisfied with illiterate employees, the old man’s favorites, ifwhen he fought with their service, then for the sake of their honesty and devotion to the old man, and in the last they in all respects pleased, knowing all of him at the cost and demands. Dikhail Petrovich, taking out local Slobodsky revenge or the peasants, even took up the service of Peter Burg, but he was formed not lower than the distant school, as if, for example, he had been taken to Petersburg. Slobodskoy mѣtsanin Nicholas Vasilyevich Kashin, from school, i.e. I had just graduated from the course of a regional school, and then Rashin was already self-educated in Petersburg and went to Mikhail P. Anchukovs abroad, he sold everything at the St. Petersburg Bread Factory and Anchukov was mostly trusted, he completely lost his time when , item from Petersburg, at least you Slobodskoy.Not wanting to finally upset his father with a substitute for old employees: the new ones, Mikhail Petrovich recently, along with the old servants in the Slobodskaya konsorz, began to introduce his own rules, brought from St. Petersburg an accountant-specialist, a secretary with a high education and familiar with foreign languages, and a typist Russian and French cars -Remington. But old man at allT_______339_______I’ll take off my fur coat, ask him soon, find out what to get there. ”He won the secret, after 5-10 minutes he comes back, reporting: 1“ Center. Gavrilovich, take the oats. "-" And where, where. "Again the secretary left the gate; half of Rozov’s convoy drove to the office. Ask the average driver. Returning to the office, report:" Petr Gavrilovichi, carry oats from Glazov to Nosh ul " .- "Yes, not ours - is it. Why are they to us. They didn’t go to the office. It’s necessary to tell lies about whose oats they brought to Noshul. "The secretary won again, already almost the entire minowall to the office, but still the secretary of the last driverlearned that the oats should not be driven by Anchukovskiy, but by Kolotovsk. Returns and reports: "Peter Gavrilovich, do not worry, It’s not yours to carry your oats, but the merchant Kolotov." P.G. Anchukovi say: “Oh, what a shame, what are our clerks in the Eye to take off, people send oats, but we don’t go to stay with us. It’s interesting to know at what price they took take Glazov to Noshul. " Secretary, wanting to serve you: "Don’t worry, Pyotr Gavrilovich, I’ll catch up with them now and find out the price." The carters had already left far from the office. Secretary is gom. the urge to catch up with the convoy. Having learned the price, after 20 minutes, the horse will come back and take an unusually fast walk; before that, he knows that he should carry 5 kopecks each. “Yes, then it’s impossible to blame our Glazovsky clerks, and 4E was ordered not to send more than 50 kopecks. Although I would like to know if the train was big. How many wagons to figure out how much Kolotov and Glazov oats still have.” now the carts have already gone out to the path, perhaps you won’t catch up, and you’re already tired. So, Efim Sidorych, my bazaar will return.-g) tg-,g.._______340_______ to be able to catch up, or somehow find out. Go, go about your business. Thank you for this information, I'm sorry to disturb you. "The secretary will leave, and the old clerk, Efim Sidorovich, will come in from the courtyard to the office. Mikhail Petrovich E continues to sit and be silent, look at the newspaper. Peter Gavri says:" Well, Yerimushka Tell me what’s new. " “But what, Pyotr Gavrilovich, is ordinary news: today, to the Lotovskoye preceding oats, Glazov brought in 63 Noshul cartridges, tomorrow go the last amount, let in 40-45. The price for delivery is 5 kopecks. You, I suppose, now you need to cable about to start sending your clerk there, you can give a lot there and willingly blow everything for 45 or 44 kopecks, but since you are in Glazovskiy, the first 40 entrants will receive 50 kopecks, then you shouldn’t take all the carriers less than this. more than fifty dollars, and our vѣrenny all vozchikamѣ say why the host is not otvѣchaTo eat and do not rush with sending, if the chops give the right price, so grasp and carry for now. But now Kolotov has nothing more to send and the drivers begin to worry, so as not to remain without money, talk, and suddenly. Until the next year, I’m leaving all the cargo that we will deliver ”“ Yes, Efimushka, you are right, now it’s time to send our time. It is necessary to wire: 44 kopecks. let him send everything. ”You called the secretary again and ordered you to send a telegram to Glaz: start sending oats for 44 kopecks each. The secretary was surprised and asked:“ Did you hear it right, not 54. If you couldn’t send for 50 earlier, then for 44 months you shouldn’t be lucky. "Peter Le Havre:" Write 44 for now, and then see if you don’t agree,
_______342_______-fromSnevertheless, there entrusted with Glazov, he was smart, he himself: add - if you deem necessary. "The next day, we got a telegram:" II squadron or 600 plunge for 43 kopecks, every day we ship a hundred plod ". The CE accountant secretary only shrugged, admitted that, indeed, they still have a lot to learn from Peter Gavrilovich s. his old servants, for we were not taught such theories as we developed for a long time through practice.After the death of Ilyotr Gavrilovich, Mikhail Petrovich did not fire the nerves of his old employees, but who could not work, he gave them a pension and occasionally got together with them, whether it could be for appearances, or from E decency. The whole of the above last talk about sending the oats from Iz Glazov and generally about the competitor — you and I Glazov — Anchukov and I heard Ot Ivan Alekseyevich Saltykov, because they then served with Anchukov, and at that moment Petrov was fully authorized by Anchukov Gavrazh and Anchuk. and 11khail Petrovich. For sending the old man an instruction was given to him in order that he should begin the sending season deliberately by 5-6 kopecks. I value before the existing price, send dear price of I or 2 pairs of small and small ones, and stop sending the long distance so that we can send the goods to you, and we know that we have up to 100,000 poods and we’ve raised the price, we’re afraid that we won’t capture all the carriers . To send, according to the price declared by us (Send all of our quantity, and when we will have to leave Vy for some transportation, then we will set the correct price. When competitors bring the same product to Ar port of Hangel, but for 6-7 kopecks. Delivery int only cost more, it’s easy to compete with it.one.;ps._______343_______thus, in this way, Anchukov supplanted that almost all 110 were competitive the last time before the construction of the Perm railway from the city of Lass. Ivan Lukich has already gone bankrupt, and Mikhail Petrovich. Vorobyov reduced their trade in St. Arkhangelsk to a minimum * so that after the death of Peter Gavrilovich, Mikhail IIetrovich in Slobodsky and Glazovsky, and Siv, almost solely bought bread and linen goods for export abroad, and earned some money. But Mikhail Petrovich apparently had a good and well-organized motivator, both in Russia and abroad. Dіnѣ repeatedly had to go by boat on the same boat between Vyatka and Kazan, only he was in I-ME class with a secretary, and I - in the 3rd or 2nd. Taki on each pier he was given packets of telegrams to him and he sends: to the agent of the pier to send a few telegrams, and where the steamers should be at the station for loading goods BE I / 2 - I hour. Then the secretary should be put on the telegraphs themselves. We were always surprised that there were so many and about whom Anchukov corresponded. The following year, after the death of his father, Likhail Petrovich Anchukov built a huge new house on Glazovskaya street, the best city in the town of Slobodsky. All accessories for home renovation, such as glass, window frames, doors, parquet, wallpaper and all furniture, should be brought from St. Petersburg and from Moscow, plan. Suhl also brought from St. Petersburg, iteliers of the city of Slobodsky, especially women and students, was delighted and surprised that I-ME and the 2nd floor were in the Oklam window. on both sides of the mirror were attached. The homeowner could sit by the window in a chair sideways to the window and see everything in the mirrors: who to go or to dress in one and the other direction, and the men, and, BE features of the homeowner in, were surprised that u!. P. Anchukova, atLEі:"TETtE_______344_______EBUTa new houseѣ warm stone cowsheds are arranged for the cow, as well as stone half-towers for horses, with a wooden end face.When I visited him during a meeting of the Zemstvo for breakfast and for the first time, some of us admired the landscaping of the house and arranged it to be: en-suite. Then Mikhail Petrovich said: "This is a copy of the house in Petersburgѣ of one of E - my companions on the Angliyskaya embankment; giving the name of the count, the owner of that house / but I didn’t remember the name of the count /. Khikhail Petrovich add:" I went to look at the house, the name I’m looking to build houses in Slobodskoy with all the amenities and comforts, and most of all I liked this plan. I was asked by the same architect to make BE Slobodsky for me: according to the same plan and at the same time prepare a plan for the reconstruction of Slobod, How our church is in honor of St. Nicholas the Wonderworker. "Indeed, after the construction of the temples and the bell tower in our village, on the next The same contractors in Nizhny Novgorod were the Kamenetsik Taras Makaryevich who built the Slobodsky house and the church at !!. Anchukova village, under the direction of Sem and the observation of the Petersburg architect / I don’t remember the architect’s name. The church was almost completely broken and you flogged anew you built a magnificent large church, both on the facade and on the inside, the best in Slobodsky. The iconostasis was brought from St. Petersburg — Italian marble, and I am also not in the iconostasis of the work of the Petersburg artist / surname I remember / They strengthened the bell ringing; all this I. Panchu sent it alone at his own expense, supposedly in memory of his father. The consecration was carried out, it seems, two years later than our Ba_______345_______ Khrushevskogo temple, His Grace Bishop Varsonofіem, who was in Vyatka, was the post of Archbishop Sergius v Astrakhan, to the Astrakhan department. But Barsanuphius at the Vyatka pulpit was a vicar Bishop, corrected temporarily no more than one and a half years for the main pulpit of the archbishop, and then died at Vyatk. But, having consecrated y. il. Anchukova in Slobodskoy temples, managed to introduce him to the next order: St. Vladika i pa of the 4th degree, which later came to be. M.P. Anchukov, under Preo Sacred Alexѣѣ who from E Vyatka was last transferred to Tiflisi Exarchs • Cargo and /.At the beginning of 1891, in our office in tioskv, I left the service of an accountant Ivan Alekseevich casein, having received the account? 200 rubles per year. I moved to Moscow to serve at the big # 1 Moscow bir mѣ: "Partnership of Elizabeth Nikitishna Vakarova with her sons." The main entrusted company of 21 Akarova and the head of everything was her son-in-law, i.e. the fly of the eldest daughter E.N. Zakarova, Yeon - Stantin Mikhailovich Zuev, a native of the city of Vyatka. He knew that Ivan Al.Kazenin was a good, honest family; I met Ea Zenin cЕ Zuevkam through Alexander Ilyich Vakhrushev, who was a customer who bought goldE and brillian items and church silver vessels and all silver utensils and clothes for icons for icons Makarovs sold these goods and made many orders. For the churches of the Vyatka province. Zuyev invited I. A. Kazenin to find 45 children in the shop, while for the price of 600 rubles. in the year when the finished apartment and the finished content of the genre. Ivan Aleksѣevich Kazenin asked: BE for a month to give you the opportunity to think and ask your mother’s advice. At the same time, he was an 11th mother and an int, to his cousin and as having made him protection for the first time, having written outfromETTA- El 1E_______346_______ him to Moscow and arrange in our office. Patching him, too, a letter FEWer, turned to me for advice: is it convenient to quit the service of Pavel Fedorovich. Would they be offended. Having discussed thoroughly, we jointly rejected Ivan Alekseyevich, not to miss the chance to go over, for Makaro had howled out in the last until 2000 and even up to 3000 rubles. at. year, and our company, dumb to be, through 5 or 10, you will receive maximums 600 or 800. rub. in years. But they advised to openly tell everything to Pavel Fed. immediately: "If you want, from the day of declaration I can live 2-3 weeks until the end of the month," so that Pavel Fed. mole to seek another accountant. Then Pavel Fyodorovich listened to the statement, the hotel was forcibly wiped out ", the village KE !! aka 4 roared E, obrashilsa k.a. They said to Zuev: "Why are you luring an accountant out of me; we got him out of the Vyatka boy, learned the bookkeeping, taught him to the house and if he needs me, I won’t let him go." E ... Zuyev calmly averted: "I didn’t lure him and didn’t know; introduced me to him. Val is the cousin of Alek Sandr Ilyich, but I am a kind. !! that we have a free vacancy of a young clerk. They offered many of my services, I promised to take it when he is free, but I warned that for the first time the salary would be small, 600 rubles BE a year, and then, if you earn it, I would not receive less than others, they promised to give away a month later, but we didn’t have kstvuhu, and maybe 2 months If you need it and you have a contract with them, then you have the right to delay it, and we don’t insist and have no complaints whatsoever. If someone, a good person, offers their services, so take, or even for now, wallpaper "Demos."TT 14 - 1urott_______347_______Pavel red. to say: "We haven’t had a contract with any of our employees." E. M. Zuev: “Of course, it’s yours, and I don’t intend to meddle with you and do it, or more to teach you how to. You can hold on to more than that, as a 10th employee without a contract. Keep the law for all alone, we strictly adhere to it, if someone decided to take care of their ears - they must give an alert in 2 weeks, after 2 weeks after the announcement, if we shut E, then we will be disregarded in court. Also, if we want to dismiss someone without a legitimate reason, we must warn him in 2 weeks, or give him a month and a half ahead, otherwise Volsky may be in trouble. "Pavel Fed. Toni change Nile:" E! we cannot reach the court, they are still not a stranger to us, relatives and a good family, they will not sue; somehow it’s okay for good. ”Ot Makaro vy pionel Alek Sandra Ilyich Vakhrushev with a complaint:“ What are you, brother check, you substitute my foot, maklerish, Ot me a good guy Makarov .. What kind of interest. to lure good people out of your people. "Alexander Ilyich cut it short:" You yourself don’t know what you are saying. Where did you get what I entice, Ivan Alexeyzich asked me to introduce me to K. Zuev, I introduced you, saying that I’m very well-known young people and, as far as I know, good behavior and a good step of the Vyatsky family. Kazeninnik. Many! .. The teacher immediately said: “Yes, I myself know perfectly well the Cossacks and I’ll willingly take them if I’m free, but you have to go and reprimand me many, like you, so do not hold back, but ruble. There he was offered 600 rubles a year, and you give them a thousand, and let them pay for five contracts 1: 2 hours, take and hold. And you, you need to,_______348_______so that they have another 5 years to serve 200 rubles each. EVERYTHING. Drop it, now it’s not law, you can’t hold it by force. Declare, in 2 weeks, to leave - and You can’t do anything. Better part with a prettier one, maybe come in handy ahead. Of course, you won’t be able to keep a pity for Niall, and don’t chase after Makarov, and you will again find an experienced clerk and knowledgeable accountant for your 300 or 400 rubles. "Pavel F. advised me to slow down, come home and say: “Well, Ivan Alekseyevich, I was with Vakaro, I see that you’re a good girl. I said that although the guy is very good and I’m quicker, I’m quicker a good place, then I will ruin my little man to him: let him go, only you, Konstantin Nikhaylovich, like Vyatichi, treat him, your fellow countryman, in your own way, don’t give your hosts a grudge and put forward a little and don’t offend a little. , gave the word that if you try to deserve it, cancer is less than others you’ll receive, and you will be satisfied. Therefore, I won’t hurt you, go with God. ” Soon Pavel F. hired an employee of Voskvich, a servant of some of the Moscow leather merchants, and led a small accountant, Ivan Dmitrievich Dorogov. Soon, Ivan Al.Kazenin passed everything to him. Pavel F. himself a prelude to write a certificate for him. Blessed him, said goodbye and parted to the good. Appeared to fіakarovym and said that prepare to do before the appointed deadline, although now. E. N. Zuev was surprised: “How can it be so. We had Pavel F. and had a conversation with them, I realized that he really needed you and at least delayed Vasya for a month or two, and I appreciated that we don’t insist - keep as much as you need, but if you have become better kiЕ times, then tѣmъG,._______349_______it’s better. "They didn’t show Kazeni to certify and once say how blessed Pavel F. was on the road, I ordered you to serve with Vasya just like hiss." If, after the last step, you decide to take care of Makaroff, you deserve to you and Makaro you regretted letting go the same way I did calias. ”Konstantin Mih, said,“ Yes, I saw that he really didn’t want to part with you. Give a fight, maybe we will also make friends with you. By working together - see. If you are free, move home tomorrow. Elizabeth Pikitishna Makarova, v. Nizhny Novgorod station. I will order today - by the morning your room will be prepared!At the end of February we get home from Lioskva from Paul F. | detailed letter ob care объ I.A.Kazenina, asking me to. immediately ѣhalyo V. Fazan to hand over the cut varnish sent to the Quartermaster from the factory the last winter way. Such as it was supposed to be sent from Kiev Iv..Kazenina, and now it is not; but your servant is not yet familiar with si dloma, you can’t send him to Kazan, and if you leave yourself, leave one and so on. The road to Moscow, until Pavel F. is not resolved. I quickly got together, and the company of the Parfenovichi firm sent me Nikolai Vasilievich. We went to our big koshѣ, for a change of horses. Two days later were at. Eazani. There are realities for the surrender of goods. Ot Laptevykh, entrusted Denis Fadzevich Zonovѣ, was in the Nikolsky roomsE. We also stayed at Nikolsky. The lines of the Quartermaster’s commissions were busy with the delivery of other goods, we had to wait and we finished the delivery only by 15-Adyart. The weather was already warm, the snow was strong and melting, the roads were torn and on ice the ice was already blue, and by usLLY 1 0!}t.one.2._______350_______ Easter Passed you got home. The zone of love is running, it’s hard to see how to finish everything and be sure to leave. Finally, he finished and on the 16th received the money, and we must receive the 17th. D.F. The zone to come to us at least, declare: "I’m going home. Whoever isn’t going to come, come with me." I ask: "What are you going to do, say, say, the logs and bits will open soon." Stop saying: “I was at the postman's coachman's office, so they say that if you rush to go out, you should get there. Only the swan cart advises you to leave the room, and go to the messenger. In spring, the Bulychev shipping company should be picked up and delivered to bar fuck, you’ll have to do the same with your cat. " Hugo, I cook him to wait until tomorrow - let’s go, all three together, otherwise we’ll stay here for Easter, and on Easter all three of us will leave for the lane! vom steamerѣ. Denis Fadievich doesn’t want to hear: “You won’t go, so now I’ll learn one. After I / 2 hours, give me a lot of information, I’ll go to my luggage room.” Left alone with Nikolai Vasilievich, I suggest that it’s scary to go — it might happen that you have to go through the logway by foot, your legs are barely promoted, and your descendants in wet felt boots go — the rest of the legs will be simple, even more so that I still suffer from rheumatism in my legs . * Come on, better, stay here for Easter. We’ll be home in 2-3 weeks, and by the way, tomorrow you’ll finish the job. ”Nikolai Vasilievich said:“ Of course, you must finish the job, but if you had agreed to let me go today with D.F.Zonov, I wouldn’t be afraid neither den nor rѣk. - today I would have been sad with him, it’s more that when we received the money, we would not have two to do anything, I do not need it at all, a power of attorney in your name. If you decide tomorrow, at the end of the day, to go, then tomorrow we will take tomorrow, and let Zonavone-І._______351_______“Kneading alone.” I say that if Dr. F. 3onov is afraid to stay until tomorrow, saying that every hour of the road, then I still don’t dare to go tomorrow, we will both stay. “But if you already really want to go home for Easter "So there’s nothing to do - go see Xe Zonov now, but I already firmly decide - I remain until the first pass."In an hour. Dr. F. 3ONOVE s. By Nicholas. Vasilyevich. have left. In the face of bad weather, instead of a pair of horses they gave them a troika. It’s two days. We drove for three days, there was a place such that they walked for about 20 miles, and their luggage - soaked - carried rows in a triple. The ambience was very slow and painful. But nevertheless, they arrived, comparatively, safely, you are healthy and healthy.I, left, not hurrying, for 2-3 days, finished everything. I accidentally met Vyatsky ime student OE, Dikhailo Evgenievich Arbuzovyl - a cousin and brother of my wife. When - he announced his ser, they went on along Voznesenskaya street. I see - a window on a choir, Kamchatka beaver, a hat - 25 rubles were set for the end of the winter season. It seemed very inexpensive. Gulf, inspected, I doubted whether it was old or not. It turned out that the elk, the cap is new, on a silk liningѣ and blue adhesive A1Om company. I’m a cutie of this chanika. They carried it for twenty years, and then my wife begged her and handed it to her little boy on the collar.When we sat at my tea, K.E. ArbuzOVE advised me not to be bored of spending 2-3 weeks in Kazan, to write a public library and to take books for reading. We went to a place with him ѣ a library, I signed up for a month, according to the catalog, he ӣ many of me chose books, 10-15, which were advised on"ONNitkg g_______352_______ to read. I intensely embarked on the reading, did not notice how Easter came. B. Passion week of fasting dlgal breaks, just to go to more services in the church, especially from the Great Thursday, and on Easter, not to fall asleep on nights, not to sleep the Holy Easter Morning, read the evening up to III / 2 hours. As soon as I wanted to read Vsevolod Solovyov’s book "Sertiy Gorbatov.", In 44-XE tomakhs. They started calling to Zout "Ren," I, not having finished reading, had to drop the book, put on my clothes and went to church. Nikolai the Miracle - the creator, who was next door to the Nikolsky Compound, and managed to open the way to the cross procession leaving the church. Iya, together with procession of the cross, deification of the church, defended the matins and liturgy, about three o’clock in the morning, our home returned. talked.On the second day, ice fell on the Volga and two days there was a big ice drift. From a distance, I admired the binoculars from the E-1-apartment of Agent Bulychev, Alexander Stepanovich Yelepizonov. By the way, he learned from him that on the third day of Easter steamboats were already waiting from above, along the course of the Volga, that is, Lower Nizhny Novgorod, and on the 4th or 5th day the first steamboat to Vyatka was supposed to depart. I ordered to leave the main place for the first steamship to Vyatka in the 2nd class and forcibly tell me BE FIOLSKIE but a measure about the exact day and hour of departure of the steamer.On the 4th day of ut rum, Klepizonov reports that the steamers of the 1st go to Vyatka tomorrow at 3 o’clock. evenings, and I have already handed over all the books to the library, took the deposit back. Рѣui or in the evening. to gosaeleven. FROM.four._______353_______ at the opening of the small season of the theater with an operetta in 11anayevsky Garden, where, besides the theater, there was an open stage and a storm.In the garden I meet CE Vyatka young merchant / alone with me 7, Semen. Fedorovichem Laptevѣ. Ova was surprised at the unexpected meeting. I ask: "From where and how did you get here. There’s still a steamer coming in from Vyatka, but it’s impossible to drive through the tract now, during the opening of the river." It turned out that this winter, BE BEEN Noskv was shopping for goods, he stayed until Easter to wait for the spring ship navigation and, with the first steams, to go to Kazan, so that the first of the Vyatka merchants could get to Bulachnaya-Kazan Fair, which starts every year with open navigation and lasts a month. Grocer merchants come from all over the Volga and its tributary to this fair, buy tea and tableware for the whole year, especially cheap varieties produced by azansky and peasant handicraftsmen called faience ware. But at the same fair there are lots of other goods: walnuts, quiche mouse, various cereals, grains and munufakura. Prior to the connection of Kazan by railway Moscow, at this fair given to Noskovskіya large firms brought their goods. The fair was called on Bulak, because on the outskirts of the city there was BE Eazani large lake Bulіk. On the shore of this lake, temporary commemorations and booths were arranged and all trade was located, and the local peasants brought their goods in dozens of bags, packed dishes in boxes, and sold 8-10 poods of whole boxes in the form of whole boxes. Merchants took from them without repacking, because they already had a mutual long-term return, buying annually and many already had regular customers:Seed F. Laptev. I stayed in Kazan for my purchases, and IatB1 AL0E. Tіgі17. 14 15._______354_______I took home a telegram about leaving the steamer “Honorary, on the 5th day of Easter, in the evening”, I left the azani. In the 2-14th grade of the pass, fat nask was BE male as only three people.I’m sorry just finished your student and sex courses. Your first appointment is with the forensic investigator in Vyatka or in the districts of the Vyatka governorate. While we were walking, we poured ice on the river Vyatka on the ice, but the steamer didn’t go on ice. We had to stand in Kotelnich for about 5-6 hours, as we sailed heavily along the rivers of Vyatka and Slobodskaya ice, and when the ice was thick, we went again and were in Zyatk *, BE 4 hours in the morning. My wife spent the whole week visiting BE Vyatka, and on the eve of my visit the company was in the Alexander Garden, we took off onto the ice drift, waiting for me in the morning.In 1891 - the 1st year, in the second half of the first month, I was Vasily Iiarfenovich, I sent for the first time at the Tyumen Fair. Віз. Slobodsky we went to Lo: to grab along the Glazovsky tract, through the monastery mill Uzhogovitsa. We drove horses to the city of Okhan ska of the Perm province — peremynyl — for about two days. In Vokhainsk, we stopped at the Okhenskaro merchant from the peasant, Ivan Alexandrovich Krasilnikov, who, among other things, sometimes rode out trading. Si Vasily Par fenovich, they were friends - to me mercantilely, because the last, sometimes, bought from Krasilnikovѣ koski. Glory to Ivan Al.Krasilnikov was a peasant and his wife was from peasants; she was not 11 a resident of an urban intellectual, but rather a village of a wealthy peasant. The second brother, Mikhail Aleksandrovich Krasilnikov, served as BE Semipalatinsk-trusted E at a crumbling steam mill near Pleshcheyev. Senath city reality: it seems, rodst..fromEler,one1 lvІ LІtr._______355_______Vinnitsaѣ Pleshcheyev, Mikhail Alexandrovich. already considered and occupied a prominent position among the merchants. In the Irbit and Tyumen fairs, he was a member of the accounting committee of the State Bank. Both Mikhail Aleksandrovich and his wife seemed to differ sharply from Ivan Alexandrovich and his wife, both in clothes and in the development of their minds. Vi Александail Aleksandrovich E was considered a completely intellectual.VE Okhansk near Krasilnikovs was received very warmly, but we had to go from Okhansk to Perm by boat, which was only 5-6 hours later. Vasily Parfenovich proposed to go to Konstantin Ilyich Nazarov, who lived in BE village, near Okhansky, about 2 versts from the city. Promoted, provided. moose - Konstantin Ilyich ukhal the day before in Kazan at the call of the owner before the Tyumen fair. His future wife, Anastasiya Lukyanovna, with her children was at home, cordially invited us to stay with her, because she was with. Vasiliy Parfenovich was already familiar before: he visited Nazarov almost every year. And I was in the first house, Anastasia Lukyanovna was a local peasant lady, pretty pretty, of large stature and a raft - heavily built, well-off daughter. But K.I.Nazarovѣ was a young employee at Alabuzov and at one time was commanded by the owner, you had various expenses for buying measles and, on the other hand, were entrusted with the job, you had to marry the local peasant woman and had your own house in the village of Volkov. I didn’t know Nazarov’s first wife, she lived without visiting Volkov and seemed to drink. Her daughter Anna Konstantinovna was married to her, married to Demyanka - BE Slobodskaya, for Mikhail Konstantinovich Fofonov. K.I. Nazarov did not take his first wife with him anywhere, perhaps becausestanding for a while, for the first time at dlabuzov, getting a littleT._______356_______the salary, it was not considered convenient to open the door for a wife, and it could be because it was impossible to leave the daughter alone at home without a mother. A raging whole year or more, she was sometimes on a business trip and was in Okhansk, where they had a purchase of measles and wool, and in the village of their father Anastasiy Lukyanovna they rented an apartment and a wash was arranged near the house on the river Kamka. Father Anastasiya Lukyanovna, and then she and her, were in charge of washing the wool, i.e. watched the dozentsy, and sometimes she washed the wool herself. Konstantin Ilyich Nazarov and Anastasiya Lukyanozna fell in love. Her father died., House in the village remained her inheritance. Konstantin Ilyich rebuilt the house, renovated and enlarged, and began to live on a conjugal basis. Appeared at lower children. Konstantin Ilyich, having extradited his daughter from the first us for I.K. Fofonov, suggested that the first wife give a divorce. and gave her her Volvovskiy house, but she didn’t agree to the divorce and doked her forever alone. And Konstantin. Ilyich s. Anastasiya Lukyanovna lived most of the time in her house, near Okhansk, but he also left alone, leaving her home for two. When you sat down, Volkov’s 1st wife died, then Kon. Ilyich svzdil buried her, left her house to her first wife’s brother and finally reckoned with him near the city of Okanska and met with Anastasia Lukyanova. For children, he hired a good woman, a relative of Anastasiya Lukyanovna, with whom children were left at home, and the horse. Ilyich. Steel has already come to the bazaar of the fair; so this time, having met the first and second times, Anastasiya Lukyanova, the descendant met her every year at a few times on the mark in Irbit, Nizhny Novgorod and Tyumen. But then, let through 10, K.I. Nazarov bought for Alafuzov in Perm, the last:_______357_______ bankruptcies, the big Eremievsky tanneries and the Nazarov family moved and lived in Perm at the tanneriesѣ. / For this purchase, Alabuzov gave KI Nazarov a house in Perm, buying it. This is special for Nazarov and of his choice. While the Nazarovs lived in Perm, we carried the Perm-Kotlas same access road through Vyatka, passing through Perm there and back But, we always drove to the Nazarov Alafuzovskiy backwaters and, if you didn’t force the house itself, so Anastasiya Lu Kyanovna always welcomed us. This time we are Vasily Puff. did not wait for K. Ilyich himself. Days through 6-7 met with him. already in the city of Tyumen. When we arrived in Tyumen, all sellers and buyers were already in the collection, the goods were all unloaded and taken out to the camp, but after the hunger year, si de shevych color, all the breeders were afraid to buy, and, in order not to make a mistake, we wouldn’t buy in front of others expensive, and even more so, that there is still the main buyer - the representative of Alabuzovskiy for water. Finally prіѣҳal K.I.Nazarov, examined several pairs and on one day bought up to 40,000 horses; On the next day, almost all of the main parties were sold out, they all vied with each other to buy approximately the price that K. Nazarov did. Sellers, mainly Tatars, said: "While Nazar was gone, the bazaar was asleep, but Nazar came bah dawn send. " We with Vasiliy Parf., As the smallest buyers, didn’t especially use the loan; already at the same time K.I. Nazarov bought two small lots from Nigmatulla Karmyshakovich Khaibibulin in the Tatar village Yembaev, and a second lot from Kabir Murtarin’s camp. The village of Yembaevo was a mile away from Tyumen. Denya you. Parf. he was sent to Embaevo forfrom_______358_______I ordered goods and I lived there for a week, accepting and packing with the help of hired workers, and on hired Tatar horses from driving VE Tyumen to the railroad. Poto mѣ, coming to Tyumen less, they began to take from Nurtarin. On top of the shell, goods of good leather were received; five hundred were taken and taken to the station. Then send the small product, I stopped the reception, called Vasily Parf., I show him that Kurtarin showed the goods from above good, but we did not look at the middle and the bottom, it turns out to be dishonest. You. Parf. suspect KI Nazarov, showed him. Nazarov began to say to Murtarin: "Why are you doing this. I knew your father, he wasn’t a trader, and in general did everything in such a way that you put a trifle either on a separate pile or on top, and say that I have the whole lot for 3-5 thousand leathers there are trifles of 200-300 coca which I give 2 pieces for one large, that is, half a thousand, but they didn’t say anything, and put it in the middle. " Murtarini was tired, he began to make excuses that the clerks had confused, but I admit, my mistake and I propose to count one hundred pieces at half time it would be bad if you reject half of it, you need to send it out well, so that both are harmless. "And Murtarin Nazarov said:" One hundred can be. to propose, of course, much more. "They decided to sort the first pile, and then recount the marriage and then agree on the quantity of marriage. We all parted. We, V. Vasiliev Parf. were left alone with two workers. I myself a pile, let's throw it off - it’s good one way, marriage the other way, but it can be a little biased. And you .llarf. sent me the marriage sorted and, which are larger, re_______359_______ Brasyval in the first grade. Then they again called on Nazarov and told them to follow the whole party and count the skin as four hundred or not less than three hundred, and Murtarin only offer two hundred. But at the same time, Nets Durtarin said: "Let him decide. KI, like Nazar say, so agree." K.I. offered to add grѣkh popo lam, i.e. 250 K. to leave, or take them to us. for half a hour. We also did not dare to argue, because if it weren’t for such a disinterested broker, then anyway we would probably accept without any conversation, be ashamed of ourselves - we would make a fuss, but still be 500 or 600 rubles. got a discount. But these two parts were not enough for us; thousands of five leathers came out to our backwaters. Suitable products almost all have already been sold, there are only a few parts left and worse quality. We began to consult with Nazarov, how would we still bribe 4000 or 5000 leather, but it’s suitable. Then E.I. at the dawn saidѣ: "I will give you from my purchases a small one or two parts, at my purchase price." We were pleased, but we express a doubt: maybe the seller instead of Alafuzov might not want us. to entrust. Nazarov said: “Yes, and we don’t have to make all the calculations with them, and you will give the bills to Alafuzov, for the same time as. You gave others, that is, Murtarin and Kabibulin.” This turned out to be very good for us. They indicated to us that of their quantity, 3-4 parties, suitable in quantity and quality and identical in price, their descendants themselves prompted: "Look, with this second, about five thousand leathers." We stopped there.Tyumen then all the Vyatskiy and Kazan breeders, packing the goods in the camp, handed over to the transport office of Kamenskikh or Kurbatov, who sent the skin along the railway from E_______360_______ change to Perm, and then to the towing steamships along Kamka to the Kazan or to Sokolok, that is, before that at the station where the river Vyatka flows into Kama, and hereby the steamers delivered the cargo to Vyatsky steamers Bulychev or Tyryshkin specified. But you are the majority of cases, transshipment has been to Kazaniya in Sokolki very often, because both shipping companies have found it more convenient and profitable to transfer goods to Kazan. Vyat-ku goods, immersed in Tyumen in July, came only in Saint-Petersburg, and sometimes autumn is rainy; sometimes it is shallow in the rivers Vyatka and Saint-Petersburg, it often happened that a skin bar got stuck in Nedvdykdy or between Nedvidki and To the boiler room. The goods are there, lie down to the 1st winter path. To bring him to the backyard in this case only in November. Campaign. Perm-Kotlas railway, approx. The year 1895-96 from E Tyumen and from all over Siberia, the skin had already gone to Vyatka directly along the railway and probably three-four months, the goods began to fall to the factory within 10-15 days. Thus, a month is 2 times earlier allocated and earlier the breeder gets the money back, we gain from this product. But in this year and in the nearn ITD IT ISA no MÍTGood years, shippingla, as described above - through KazanWe made the apartment for BE of Tyumen, the ulom forehand Seliverst Ladygin, near the police fire tower. This apartment has long been almost all Vyatka breeders. First, she was chosen by Pavel Vasilievich Rylov, who liked to stay with Ladygin, because he took cheaper than others, and secondly, he pressed a horse for free, pulled in a ruler or rammed for a ride daily in the morning and after that he went to the camp. The same scrap scraps helped to accept goods._______361_______ found workers for weighing and packing, and exported goods on his horses to the railroad. E.I. Nazarov. the quartering at the Semerikovs, four quarters from us. All breeders and almost all sellers came in the morning and evening, at least for half an hour, to KI Nazarov, he had a whole day boiling samovar on the * table. They treated themselves to dry tea and always to sit with a glass of cold tea and talk.Once we visited Nazarov. I sent tea to the courtyard in the restroom. I’m going out again, at that time the venerable Tkumensky intelligent merchant - Tatarini, formerly the captain of the Russian Army, Alexander Vasilyevich Kulmovletev VE Tyumen entered his courtyard from the street and had three own houses of his own. Having competed with me, I give Kulmometyev’s hand. They ask me, pointing to the restroom: "Here is the past." I reject: "Yes." He, not taking my hands, take me under the elbow and lead me into the house, directly into the kitchen KE wash basin, and say: "14th hand." I laugh, but he continues to hold his elbow up and rather abruptly: "Don’t laugh, but I said: wash my hands now, I won’t let you out of the kitchen until you wash." I see the old man is angry, I decided to respect him - washed. Take off the towel from the wall, serve me with the words: "Wipe the towel." I silently wiped. He let go of my elbow and give my right hand and say: "Hello, now. You’re a young man, you’re an old man, you are a good woman. When you open your ear, always wash my hands and never give your hands to someone else’s face. until you wash the ruk. And Vasya, Russian, has a very bad habit: most of the restrooms don’t wash their hands and dirty hands, not only give them one hand, but even with unwashed hands they sit down so much, take the same dirty hands.BUTone._______362_______mi and transmit one to another - this is very not good. We have, Mohammedan, and since childhood we have learned. cleanliness - not only after the restroom, but even came down the street into the room - be sure to wash your hands, and then say hello to others. It may now be unpleasant for you to listen to me, the old man that I alone brought you here and express my advice; because I know that you are kind, and you’ll understand that I’m teaching you good - then you will say thank you, and if you don’t pay attention, you will run into another - embarrass you with a big company: bring them to the wash basin all the time, and even not by the hand, but by the ear. "I’m glad it was soon to be separated from him, until no one saw and no one heard his moralizing. I apologized for it, we thanked and far from the word it’s always safe to wash my hands. Indeed, I until then not only didn’t wash my hands after the restroom, but before dinner almost always sat down with I’ll eat it with unwashed hands. After the lecture, Kulmometye began to strictly follow myself - always wash my hands. washbasin and my hands.This accusation has taken root in many, and now, for almost fifty years, I continue to strictly carry out this habit to a very old age.By the way, I’ll tell you a brief biography of A.V. Kulmometeva. He, at the end of the gymnasium, enlisted in military service, they also believe in the past and in the "cadet school". As an officer on a walk from E Tyumen, I accompanied the exiled prisoners to Far East Siberia or to penal servitude, sometimes to the place of destination. Chenia, and sometimes only to the river Ob or to Barnaul. Back to -_______363_______the accompanying officer with his command of the soldier was returning to Ten with the same steamboats. A.V. Kulmometiev were smѣtli -You’re a young man and an entrepreneur who began to make friends with the Commander and Commander, the steamboat and they began to ask them: is it possible, they’ll help, but it’s not expensive to earn something in Siberia, but it’s not expensive to transport it to Tyumen, or even you will Nizhny Novgorod fair, there for profit to sell. The captains advised him to buy cedar nut, wool, sheepskin, leather, and other Siberian goods. At first, with the help of the same shipping companies, as well as companies with them, I bought it in small lots. The captains of steamboats at a reduced rate delivered him to Tyumen, and there, together, through intermediary, they sold them to Tyumen merchants or merchants traveling through the Tyumen Fair. Thus, for each race they earned in their half from each ot 500 to 1000 rubles. Then at A.V. Kulmometyeva to the place in Barnaulsky okrug there was already an acquaintance with local merchants and industrialists who had already started to contact Kulmometev directly with their goods, and sometimes a large party was offered, beyond the means of one kulmometyev, they gave him credit,or they gave him: goods for sale in Tyumen for commission. ThatThus, the company with shipping company employees was disrupted and the annual export quantity increased. A.V. Kulmemetiev began to earn money consistently as a service officer. / By-product from the export trade of tens of thousands of rubles for each summer. Then his sons grew up. He is a Barnaul prіobrѣl house and a plot of land / land for buying and drying leather. He resigned as captain and began to seriously engage in exportTA_______364_______th trade. In winter, fresh and frozen raw materials were bought in Barnaulsky district, in spring, BE TEyumen, and sometimes the Nizhny Novgorod Fair, were also sent to the borrowers for drying. Sometimes exported and Siberian wheat. But the time when I'm with him. met, and almost at the same time, the line of the Great Siberian Railway began to be built. A.V. Kulmemetyev among co-mercenaries and among the inhabitants of the city of Tyumen was already considered a million one and was a vowel of the city of Tyumen. Iz Tyumen to Perm, by train. , Father IIerm, and to Okhansk by steamboat, and further to the house we went back with horses, i.e. just like there. In the next year, we left home in Tyumen late and in no hurry: we decided to go by boat along the river Vyatka to Sokolok, and then go along Kamka to Perm to the steam of the Kamensky Brothers. This 1892th year was cholera throughout Russia. We were warned not to eat greens, not to drink raw water, to drink a little vodka-pepper and try to eat the same food as you always used to. We chose the Day of departure from Vyatka to the Bulychevsky steamboat, departing every day at 8 o’clock. in the evening. Before zzzdom nam from the house, on the road, as always, they baked a cake, fried chicken or veal, all this was called: travel companions /. For some reason, we at home with fees slowed down, me and Vasily Par. They sang to spend our wives to Vyatka. Climb to the haze river. Vyatka, see - the ship is already off the shelf. Wail and groan, not knowing what to do. But still we moved to the city shore. Vyatka, believing that it would be necessary to spend the night and leave for another day later.The carriers, listening to our talk, suggest: "If you do not want to lose days, you can catch the boat, just go on the Zagar skid and run aground 3-4 hours. Yes10_______365_______charge 3 rubles - we will take you on a boat for about an hour to Zagarskogo ". We quickly decided, said goodbye to our wives, unloaded our luggage in the boat, and sailed downstream the river Vyatka to catch the steamers. Dyk, we drove over to Zagarsky. They fed us a steamer with a boat and a suspended suspension ladder, took nan bagan, and then we climbed onto the steamer and calculated carriers, adding fifty dollars for tea. We took the ticket box tickets of the 3rd class and put on deck in the 3rd MI class, arranged for sleeping on one bench ѣ, at the expense of Ekonov’s II - in the second class ’then it was too expensive for us to travel. It was expensive for the first ѣ class ѣ I went to a big official from St. Petersburg from the Ministry of Ways of Communication. He talked for a long time with the shipping captain about the winter transport to Vyatka and from Vyatka, as well as to shipments ... to the horses of Siberia-Vyatka-Moscow and vice versa. The country indicated to us as representatives of the tannery of tanneries. They asked us to communicate what we know. about all the factories of Vyatskago and Slobodsky uzdov. Vasily Parf. they said that they couldn’t say anything and left for their bunk, I asked me to do it BE BE 1st class, I gave him all the information on all issues that I knew and they thanked very much for the time spent in the course of 10 days VE Vyatka, they did not pay attention to tanneries and fur coats - Sheepskin factories, but it turns out that by ship 6, I learned that in the Vyatka province hee is one of the largest industries, "Thanks to meeting you, I received valuable material for the report on concerning the same access roads designed for Vyatka, for connecting Sib When s. Doskvoy and Peterburgom zhelѣznoy way through Vyatka.N+_______366_______and Vologda. He licked everything and still thanked me. I come in the 3rd grade, I tell Vasily Parf. He, I see, is not free to say: “Listen to you, bureaucrats in the capital, they will promise mountains of gold: not only will Petersburg and Moscow, they will even promise to build the road to heaven, just tell them everything frankly, and they’ll pocket you look, as if to take a little more brother off. You, then, have talked about two hours, it’s one thousand one hundred or two hundred unnecessary taxes. And called on the Vyatka province, but you can’t see any railroad while you’re alive. " I see that Vasiliya IParf. Do not deceive, I prefer not to argue, but to each to stay with his own people, kill Zhdenіyakh. In the aftermath, when the Perm-Kotlas line passed and it in Vyatka, through 10, connected via Vologda with. Petersburg and Doskva, I reminded Vasily Par. ours with him. plurality of sv особdѣnіyakh for the railway. and told him that they were then mistaken that it was for taxes, and not for the railroad. Vasily Parf. this time he remained with his own opinion: “You don’t see that taxes are increased every year due to different officials, and the time has come for the railroad to have been built, and without yours, you would have built a better way to openly marry”;For the first 2–3 days, we at home traveling companions and occasionally bribed a penny for 10–20 per day of marinas: green cucumbers, steeply boiled eggs, and for a penny a bottle of milk tea. Thus, they ate for 2-3 days, drinking tea with hot tea. When the domestic fellow travelers ran out, we completely switched to eggs and cucumbers from the marinas, and we bought bread and milk from the shores, sometimes I once a day, or every other dayLt;_______367_______whether in a 3-class ѣ buffet ѣ on a plate of hot meat. Every time you have a snack, Vasily Parf. drinking romka or two Taken from a house with vodka with pepper. I didn’t drink alcohol at the time, but he persuaded me and tempted me to oblige the doctor’s cholera time to drink pepper powder not for drunkenness, but as a medicine. I tried it, but I don’t like it - it bitterly and burnsѣ; I prove to him that the doctors also advise not to eat greens, and we are almost alone with our cucumbers and we eat salt. although I clean the conglomerate, and little by little, beingware of cucumbers, and you Fsh without peeling with peel - you can poison and get sick. Vasily Parf. say: "It's you - clean, clean; ca you throw my tasty something overboard, don’t eat. You need to teach yourself everything." I dismiss: "If you think that this goat is the most delicious in cucumber, then I can not throw it away from my own cucumber, give it back to you, but I will have a peel, and still unwashed, for no reason." They fell silent, apparently offended. Poto M. said: "Your godson shouldn’t be distracted by his godson." But I BE "justify saying that I wanted, on the contrary, to serve myto the godfather - to give the tastiest thing that they love, and if you don’t like it, then I blame it. "Thus, we from Vyatka to Perm sailed on a steamer for ten days. B. ІІІriy then Vasily Parfenovich’s son-in-law and his family were rented a little - a new tannery - Alexander Stepanovich Shubin, nunt Nariy Parfenovna. We drove to him on the way to Zhelena, expensive train to Yekaterinburg) - Tyumen, but didn’t stay with Shubin for a long time. A.S. Shl ubin had some secret conversation , or Dili's ear from me to another room.Have we passed BE Tyumen, stopped to lodge again?EBATfourtoі_______368_______of the same scrap driver near the fire tower. We are in the campsite, it is said above us that almost all of the best parties have been sold, and we assumed, as the previous year: Nazarov come! late, and before him no one will buy. It turned out poTE: Nazarov had come this year before, but they didn’t wait for him either, they started buying him. We need E. Ye. I. Nazars to say: “Come today, to Iskulin, Nikifor Agapievich, I have a good lot of 5 1/2 thousand kokhs not sold yet, I saw them yesterday and told him to hold a day or two until your "In any case, I will write him a letter of recommendation, since he still does not know Vasya." 21 we took a letter of recommendation; in the evening, they arrived at the village for 20 versts N.A. Piskulin, gave him a letter: read and say: “Einstantin Ilyich ordered to sell you the whole lot, indicated both the price and the terms. There’s nothing to be done like it’s rushil, let it be I won’t argue. Read the letter. " We - read aloud, we say that B_E: agree. Pray to Godshook hands; drank tea and went back BE Tyumen. In the morning they told Nazarov that everything was over; in a day or two they themselves. I communicated to come to the cities to begin the delivery of the goods. Nazarovѣ said: "Well, thank God: you have done it, but you still need a lot. * You. Parf, say:" Anh, pity, you still have to buy a thousand and a half, or else I’m so swearing " And I say: “Nam would still need 5 or 6 thousand, except for this one, Piskulin sky.” E.I. Govorit: “You are to blame, ask for a long time at home, ask for: now it’s as good as Piskulin sky’s product, by hіalui, and not find. Well, look, maybe something else will turn out to be. "We left our apartment. We also lodged there .. -atatcolumnkaim "_______369_______the residence of Mikhail Ivanovich Fofonov: Vasily Romanovich Poyarkov and Vasily AntipievichE Fofonov, and Nazarov’s son-in-law - Nichael Constant. tinovichfotonov. For dinner, they waited a long time for the last day, i.e. Vih.Konst. Boronov, supper without him.At night, hours at. 2, I was woken up by Vasiliy Pareno vichi, while the torn horse was calling me a letter addressed to. K. I. Nazarov. I can’t understand what you are. It turned out that at night, at about 2 o’clock, I came to our apartment of a carriage driver and Uka Kharki asked the Vyatka merchant with a large beard, who should sleep in the first room, because he sent me / that is. a cabman with a letter E For a village of 20 versts of design bureau II, I paid it for three times the price, I gave the money in advance, but I ordered you to deliver it to me, I wouldn’t return the clock — I should wake up and give him a letter. The cook realized that the first room from the courtyard was our room, and the streets were Fofonovskaya, but our first and only stairs. When the carriage was taken to 2nd ethan,knocked on our room. Vasiliy IIar. do not sleep; opening the door without fire, to see that our cook is somewhat outsider, and the driver to see in the darkness is a human being with a big kind; without peering BE's face, scurry a letter to him, say: "Derhey soon, Vam a letter, oh hurry home?". The cook went to conduct him from the yard and lock the gate. Vasily Parf. to approach the window to the courtyard a little bit already /, tore open the envelope, start reading the letter. It turns out - K. N.A. Piskulin, from K.I. Nazarov, and, on the contrary, oti Piskulina from V. Nazarov. Vasily Parf. wondered why the letter was brought to him. Looked only at the address written on the envelope. And he said that he had torn the chuck apart: the first letter addressed to Nazarov. Then at once -I am}Vone_______370_______They told me: "Get up, discuss what to do." Finally, they decided to find out why they did not bring the letter to Kyo Nazarov, but to us. Maybe something is a temptation. from. Nazakh30 are rewritten to the account of yesterday’s sale of the goods by us, or the day of delivery is appointed. I got up. They lit a fire, read a letter written by Nazarov’s hand, which wrote the following:"Nikiforӣ Aralievich, tell Vasily II, and Peter Al. That you previously promised your party to Tikhail Konstantinovich, and you will surrender to him, and I will arrange another one. Sincerely the main honor is K. Nazarov."On the back of that letter N. N. II Iskulini writes the following:"Konstantin Ilyich, you yourself sent 1xE to me - I’m all right and for selling. I sold the Vakhrushevs and changed my word, I’m not agreeing with my soul. You’re more relaxed as you like. I’ll come to you tomorrow. Postman, N. ІІнсклинь. " . After reading, we all realized that with the letter. Nazarova Hotelѣkhat M.E. Fofonov sagat KI Іnskulin, but didn’t want to go out at night, they hired a cab and told him to ask Nazarovo to bring and hand him, A.E. Fofonov. I ask Vasiliyya Part .: how many times you look, as it follows: addresses, tearing up a letter. "They say:" I didn’t even think about the address while I’m sleeping, and then, it’s brazenly lying: I’m waking up and making a fuss I can write, say: Here you have a letter, and Sallo is in a hurry to leave. it never occurred to him that the letter could have been someone else’s. "Wouldn’t it be possible to give letters to Fosonov, but personally to take down K.K.I. Nazarov and blame for what was printed by mistake, to openly explain how this happened. In the morning Vasily Parf.four.THOSEDO NOT WATER at home part 10, go KE Np, and I stayed home, Pi 2No!_______371_______ tea. Mic.Const. he had already managed to run off to the apartment as a cabman, to find out if the carriage had returned, and why he hadn’t delivered him at night. To enter our apartment, he sees - I am alone, asks, “And where is Vasiliy Parfenovich.” I ask: “What do you want him to do.” Mikhail say: “At night he gave my letter to the carters, where it is.” I reject: "Yes, they brought the letter at night for KI Nazarov and handed you. Parf., Probably, for transmission to Nazarov, and therefore Vasily Parf. go to Nazarov and go away. "I, sir. Likh.Konst, went to Nazarov together, and there Vasily Parf. sit down to Nazar, drink tea and explained. We enter. Nazarov calls to K.Fofonov:" How -You yourself wanted to go with a letter; te per - na, read; the old man doesn’t want to remember the word; Now Hugo cook Vasily and Petra to split this party in half. "1.K. begins to explain to us that he" used to trade this party before us, and Const. Ilyich did not know, therefore it was yours that arranged it. ”KI said:“ Well, don’t argue, add half and half, and you will help me to buy the same goods from Kulmometyev, no worse, only Kulmometyev wants to sell a quarter. ” Vasily Parf. to be silent, hesitates to argue against. Nazarova, saying, out of inexperience and youth, I say: "Let 1.K. take all the culture, and this thing has already been done, so it’s possible to interrupt it." At this time, he passed. N.A. Piskulin. Vasily Parf. der zero took me by the sleeve, took me aside and said in my ear: “Spit, don’t argue, Nazarov can be offended, you see him and his son-in-law want to tear up, and nam accidentally go ahead ahead of us. Let him let him do as they think is right . I chose a convenient moment, I went up and said: "K.I., if you think that you need to split in half cE M.K. FofonoBUT._______372_______372. ’’, then we won’t argue, of course, if Nikifor Agapovich Piskulinѣ agrees to this. But you please help - arrange a Kulmometyevsky party for us. "Nazarov said:" Well, well, let's arrange everything. "Come up to Piskulin and say:" Well, N .., they talked to each other, Vasya’s party divided half of Vakhrushev’s , and the second half of m.K.Fofonova. I hope you already obey me once more, send them in half so that everything is harmless. "N.A. Piskulin rejects:" I turned you off, as you like, and give it up, I agree to everything *. Again they shook hands and the incidents were completely exhausted. On the next day, Chile will receive the goods.After Piskulin’s departure, A.V. Kulmo metiev, who was Nazarov, met with Piskulin and Fofonov on the street at the gate. K.I.Nazarov, greeting p. Kulmometeyevѣ, tell him: “How much tribute to the commission. Now, your part will be given to the good ѣ merchants.” A.V. Kulmemetiev distracted:. “How much you assign commissions, I’ll pay so much; you cannot bargain with such a broker, but you must obey him.” - "Well, here it is: come on, sell your lot to these breeders." Kulmometiev looked at Vasily Parf., Then at me and said: "And this is my inspector." To approach, greets first with me, thenѣ s. Vasiliy Parf., And say: * I’m happy to sell, I’m good guys, but with. We’ve already looked at Petrom. "Nazarov was surprised and asked:" How do you know him, they are still still in their 2nd year of Tyumen prihal, what kind of he was in sight soon enough. "Cultural part:" This is our business, we gave one another word you should not say to anyone. "Turns to me:" Keep your word. “I reject:“ I am holding it completely. ”Under_______373_______go back to the plural, shake hands and say: "Good for you." Nazareth refers to me: "You are intrigued by us, just tell me what was the matter, though we will know." I retort: ​​"I would have told you pleasure, but Alexander Vasilvich will be expected to not keep my word." Then Nazarov said: “That's right, they gave the word - inscription, I’ll have to give more. Now I’m in a hurry, otherwise I’m in a hurry to leave for my business”. friend, that is, 16 rubles per pud. " Kulmo metievѣ rejects: “Yes, many L.K. Fofonov gave at 16.25, and Alexey Ilyich Vakhrushev offered at 16.50, but I told Alyosh that I would not sell him for 17 rubles.” K.I. asking the child: “Why did I get angry with him, as if Alyosha’s boyfriend is good.” Kulmometiev explain that last year. (I didn’t offend him for the rope, and I didn’t pay for my half of the workers. "I don’t know my order, what I dressed up, take what I didn’t do, I don’t touch someone else's. Whatever the price. It’s my duty to weigh the goods I have to give the goods for weighing to my workers, and the buyer’s workers and his rope should have removed the weight and bale. I warned Alexey Ilyich ahead, and they laugh, say: “Well, this is nothing, we won’t quarrel.” I took it all my rope, etih-ke horse without weight and in the calculation ѣ refused to pay for the rope ku, as well as all and the workers were paid by me. Alyosha didn’t pay his half, he jokes, saying: these are nonsense, we won’t quarrel over 200-300 rubles. Well, God forbid, let me walk by our gate, but I won’t let him go to the yard. "In the dawn, say:" Well, leave your heart, reconcile yourself next year, and now, punish Alyosha, give in at 16.25 by the parents. "_______374_______one K.I. addresses to many: "Peter Al., heard about the ropes and workers." And Kulmo Met'eva said: "Look, it’s better to warn Vasily, and we will agree with Petr, I see that he already understood." Nazarovѣ to say: “I see that Vasily P. understood: he, although he sniffs tobacco, and love sweet things; and Peter Al., Although young, and more than Vasily sweet, love him too. Mih. Const. almost quarreled over half. Well, that’s how it can be considered over at 16.25. " Kulmometyevs say that it is cheaper than 17 rubles. I wouldn’t want to give, but the broker is good and the buyers are good, you have to give up for 16.50. Then E.I. Turns to usѣ: * Cheaper than 16.50 he doesn’t take, you give this price, but you have indemnified the lawsuit with personal money for 2 rubles. on the skin, the remaining 6 and 9 month bills; and Al. Vas. personal and do not give, the whole - give the amount of bills 6 and 9 months. Let’s hand. I’m not taking sides from any side. We say that you agree. Kulmometyev object: “You, broker, start well, but in the end you want to offend the old man. I thought to say - Let me give you 2 rubles personal squeak, and old man Kulmometyev give 3 rubles personal, and they advise you to give nothing. and my leader Peter will not agree to this, to say - although on a ruble, yes, you should give it personal. " I dismiss: * If you respect Alexander Vasilievich, accept the last sentence Const. Ilyich, then we will be very grateful, but if you insist, of course, because of this we won’t diverge, we will give a ruble. " and according to yours, the whole amount is bi 9 months. " Pray to God: we are rightBUT),_______375_______ - glorious, and he is in Glagomethanic way, shook hands and all spread out, each to their own homes. The next few days, there was a show, everyone was in a hurry, accepting and leaving home. For Ole - Rav Tyumen raged - they died dozens daily. The coffins made a fire tower in the firehouse near our apartment. When we sit near the window, or around the apartment, we see - riding a lokadi, a Cossack quickly passed by or a police officer - in the direction of the "kalanche". After 5-10 minutes, jump back and after him on the road 2 policemen drove away an empty coffin very quickly, and through. 20-30 minutes the same policemen already carry the tomb of the dead man into the cholera barracks, to the treasure chest. This was repeated sometimes 2-3 times per hour. I want to take care of you, and you. Parf. chuckles - do not pay attention, drink peppers. In general, of our Vyatka breeders and sellers, no one was ill with cholera then in Tyumen, but many workers died from cholera. Despite the warning, they drank raw water and ate greens.Finish the price of the lots we bought, we would like to buy some more. We talked with the Nazarovs. They say that in ад Shadrinsk, Lisikhin has a good party, but whether they will sell now or leave until the fall. "I advise you to get at least one to Shadrinsk while you’re going to go from editing." We quickly decided. I pohal n Shadrinsk, and Vasily Parf. left to send. After E day I send a letter to Vasiliy Parf. and a letter from K.I. Nazarov. Lisiini showed the product, recognized Tyumen prices and said that for these prices he would not sell for now, think - in the fall it would be 17.50 or 18 rubles. I went still to Ivan Abramovich Mylnikov, - He said the same. Housing reality Shadrinskѣ day four and ver-... - ---_______376_______. . . Ty Tyumen was zero.Sending is finished with everyone and almost everyone has flown around. Vasi lіy Parf. saying: "I probably wouldn’t buy a single skin anymore, but I see what you still want to buy; let's go to the village of Rechalova, take from him 1,000 or 1,500 koyavs, which we collected at the trivia fair 300-500 skin for cash, but he could request benefits for a fifty dollars or not less than 40 kopecks for each skin, but he can be paid money after 12 months.We’ve gone, watched his small party. They showed the purchase price and said that the benefits are less than 50 kopecks. not to take, and money bills 12 m вs. Nothing to do, they agreed, and now they began to accept, so that tomorrow they would send and leave. by evening, they had taken horses in the morning to be taken to the train station, if they had handed over to the shipping agency Kurbatov; would bring Rechapov to us from the agent receipt and in the evening to make the calculation and leave. Ut - rum, take your time, drink tea. Come again, serving as the Ekaterinburg leather tanner, Vasiliy Dementyevich Blousov, offer a batch of raw materials - 3500 leather of the Barnaul district. Ask: why are you still offering late. When she came to Vasya in Tyumen. They were to explain that they were late for drying, dried for a long time, water was sold, the ships with the first cargo left and they had to wait, and then they brought it to the passenger ship. "Come on, see for now, the landlord today will drive out of Yekaterinburg - you’ll probably get together. The day before yesterday I asked Nazarov who to sell. So, too, he told me to offer you — there is no one else." Vasily Paro ..us._______377_______ - said: "I won’t go looking either: I don’t need more, I drank it up." But I said: "I still unload from the steamer, so I’ll get around for an hour, I’ll see that I don’t risk anything, I can not buy, but I don’t have to pay for it." ІІ inspection, plural I liked the product - exactly the same as L Kulmometyevsky or Piskulinsky, but the prosuv is stronger. He said badly: “About 4 hours the host will come, washing him. to you. "I recognize home, tell Vasily Parf. That the product is good, let's buy it. He rejects that "buy alone, do not be afraid, the goods of the Barnaulskogo district are well-known, of course no worse than Piskulinskago, but I can’t buy for other reasons and have no money now."At about 4 o'clock I am sitting on a bench behind the gate. Khrnov come up with the owner, met. We begin to say that the product is good, but a little late came, we are full - we bought ourselves up, and money. now ѣ not. V.D. Bulousov said that "I heard that when you buy, you give I / 3th part in person and 1/3 - 6 months and I / 3rd - 9 months. I agree to these conditions, and if you are now personal - translate from home. " I say that the first third, instead of personalities, I can give a bill for 2 months, that is, at the end of August, to transfer from the Nizhny Novgorod Fair, and the remaining 6 and 9 months. Blousov agreed, I ask to ask him to give him 16.50. I dismiss that if I had been a week earlier - they would have given, and now more than 16 rubles. I can’t give, and then I buy one at my own risk, because the companion refused outright. Bloody s. They washed up goodbye, left, otoklit two quarters - returned. It was good to laugh and say: "Your happiness, take 16 rubles each. You need to add at least a quarter, but you can see in your ear that_______378_______came back, so you won’t add. Come on, have some tea, otherwise I’m right out of the carriage, I’m not drinking tea yet. "And the employee should hurry up and sell it sooner — he needs to go home, hell and drop the raspberries.I invited to the room, I shouted the cook to serve a samovar. They left the courtyard. I am entering the room alone, Vasily Parf. say: "I see, persuaded, everything was done your way. This is your best purchase." We got drunk tea, talked that tomorrow with. 7 am rush to accept everything, and so that evening. to finish the calculations and in the evening, all the way in. They drove to the Kurbatov agent, they asked us to feed the horses earlier and tomorrow to load and give us. receipt. He thanked them that they had warned me at night, he would try to do everything, guarantee that there would be no delay. In the evening. prichal with a bill and receipt old man Ivan. Rechalovich. Rechalovѣ. They wrote bills to him under and said goodbye, saying that they had bought a little more, but tomorrow we were going to leave. In the morning, a little began to shine, Хрѣ новъ пріѣхалі is behind me. Having a drink or a glass of tea, we went to the dock. Dear Christ, say again: “Please hurry up those, it’s better I’ll give more hikes, just don’t hold them, otherwise I’ll drop all the raspberries.”I was interested, but such a list, what kind of mother is there. Is raspberry really valuable skin. “Find out what’s the matter.” I would like to start telling you that they have a whole village near Yekaterinburg to cultivate raspberries, a large amount of manor, and some of them have planted raspberries and shrubs and wait until the raspberries are harvested. then ask everyone to collect it, so as not to overripe and not to fall. ”Each household owner of a raspberry peasant will give about 1,000 to 2,000 rubles._______379_______Rand these nice years to live. Some peasants of this village didn’t even eat bread, they rasped the whole earth. I am surprised to ask: "Yes, where don’t you get so many buyers." "B. first of all, which is better, let’s go to the bazaar, to private. To small consumers more expensive, then confectioners to cook jam, and cheap varieties and overripe to winemakers to liquor. So I have simplified the owner’s haste to hand over to you, and this morning. Train E I’ll leave 10 1/2 hours. I’ll leave, but you will already send and you will be disappointed without me as the owner. I promised to trick him and, indeed, 9 9 1/2 hours. all weighed, packed; there was no talk about any workers, nor about the rope - everything was done for my benefit and Khrѣѣ again was satisfiedѣ. B. At 3 p.m. Kurba tovskiy agentѣ pay a receipt, at 5 am V.D. Blousov, they counted, wrote bills and at 9 1/2 in the evening they all left: they - to Yekaterinburg, we’re with us, and we went on. At 9 o’clock. in the morning we arrived in Perm, we learned that the ship leaves for Kazan at 12 o’clock. of the day. We carried the luggage. to the steamboat, they occupied the 3rd class of the place and decided to go to Shubin’s hour. I tell you. Parf .: "Come on, don't be late." He persuade: "Please .., let's go together, it’s better not to be late: you will hurry, I’ll be the one to speak, I’ll be late worse." They took a cab back and forth - to deliver us apt 12.Prіkhav. K. Shubin at the factory - with them. from. You. Parf. again some secret conversations in private. It is time to return. I am straining myself, I will go out, I will repent of the cab driver - you. A couple. All nty. I send the cab to hurry him. The cabmen went and said: “If we don’t leave immediately after 2 minutes, then the steamE_______380_______go away. "You. Larf. To bombard, on the go say goodbye to your sister: lapia Liapp. And take the son-in-law Alex. Step. Shubinykh, shouted to him:" Go to the Nizhny Novgorod fair, we will finally agree on this with brother Andrew. " : “What have you got that long and secret conversations.” Vasily Parf. Keep quiet; I did not ask. We rise to the wharf, beat the bell for 12 hours, and the steamer blows the 3rd whistle. They gave us 3 rubles. They said, without waiting for delivery: “Take the rest of yourself for tea.” By the way, we are going down the gangway to the steamboat and waving kami and shout, and the steamer calmly sets sail. Otnj quay and depart, as if no one was hastening. The steam walked away already 10 steps, we ran up to the pier, all out of breath, worried, we can not pronounce the words. what to do: we have all the bagan on a steamerѣ, take it to Kazan, and we only need to go to Okhansk. Managing Eschiy calmly say: "Sit down, get you to give a boat. As soon as the boat turns round, take Vasya to the boat and put him on the same steamer ". 14 we watch - indeed, 4 rowers put the boat down to the pier, lower the ladder. We walked along the stairs to the boat, and the steamer at that time 100 climbed up the flow of the Kama river, quietly wrapped up, and in the middle, in the middle of the river, began to slowly go down - along the flow of the river. Our boat sailed to the middle of the river, the steamer braked, the stairs were lowered, the carriers caught the stairs, the carriers below us and sailor on top, supporting by the hand, he pulls us on the steamers. They gave the boatmen a tip, 10 fell on the steamboat, found their baggage and calmed down that everything ended safely. Three hours later we were in Okhanskar_______381_______ to whom did not come. Immediately on horses, and after two days were at home.Вѣ September, the month is closed before navigation, with the last steamers they brought to Vyatka all Tyumen goods. Iz Vyatka drove horses to our factories. For the factories of Fedorovich / ourE / and Parfeno Vichy, all leather purchased at the same time went to the address of the common Brothers. Parfren and Fyodor Vakhrushev, and when they brought her to the plants, half of the carriage was taken to the factory. Fedorovich, and the second half to the factory. K. Parfenovi - Ch'an. The descendants were pulled in parts, carefully choosing the same pairs in appearance and size, then these pairs were disconnected, put on balance weights, on rocks. Takn. in a way, put in either of the rolling pin 50 or 60 K. from the rocks. the ki stacked in different piles, the descendants also collected the second and third times, and so on. During the course of the day you will get up to 1000 or 2000 leather, exactly the same product. Klі - gave lots, and to whom what pile of preby went to each St. to clean. Those. if they sent to the Parfenovichi factory, then Fedorovichi would transport his pile of leather to his factory yard and throw part of it directly into the backyard, and if shek was sent - he would have barns or put it in a separate yard near the factory, and Parfenovichi got it. by drawing lots of leather, also clean the back with part BE, and laying them in a separate pile near the factory or in the barn, without mixing with all the goods that have not yet been undressed. On the next day, it is also blowing at another plant at the Fedorovich’s; after the lot from the Fedorovi plant - whose, on their own horses, to take away their part, which was taken by lot - Parfenovichi. But it happens that ending in section, at_______382_______ the one who today has to be transported to his backwater, the horse dei was not at home, i.e. the working horses have not returned yet, even if only from Vyatka, having transported the goods to the harbor. Then the draw was put off until the morning. In the morning, first of all, yesterday’s division is drawn and everyone is taken away to himself, and then further tracking continues. And never was there a misunderstanding between the Parfenovichs and Fedorovichs, if only because of the queue, to load more common skin on their backwaters, so that later they could choose unnecessary carriage of their horses to their backwaters, but so far they were headed by the Parfenovichs Vasily and Timofey Parfenovichi. But when you arrived at the factory, Nikolai Vasilievich appeared at the factory, then the last steel was self-respectful and rude to observe its small interests: that is, I tried to load the general goods into my backyard more, in the interest of gaining 5 -10 bids with horses for transportation; then it happened 2-3 times that by the end of the dressing, Fedorovich had no free horses for transportation on the same day; they asked for a draw in this case, as before, postpone until the morning.But Nikolai Vasilyevich refused, say: "Nas is not the case that your horses are not prepared; if you don’t take the lot today, we will take care of you without you and take our goods today to the backwater, and you will take yours tomorrow, or at least a week later. "So it’s done. Usually it’s not the owners who did the logging, but factory masters: the family of Fedorovich M.I. Zhilin or N.A. Korobov, and the family of Parfenovichs N.F. Sannikov or the glueman E.A. Trushkov.But the owners themselves came to take the lot, and sometimes instructed the craftsmen who served produced_______383_______Dili section.This time, Nikolai Vasilievich, having heard that Fedoro Vichy had horses today, asked them to leave the draw until tomorrow, “the owners themselves will not come today” and, to me, to Korobov, the stay should not be resolved today ”, he said,“ But we don’t mumble ". Ha rumor Korobovt gorge. Nikolai Vasilyevich said to the workersѣ: “Drag the whole pile of goat that lies closer to the plant, and do not touch the second pile.” Of course, maybe there was no abuse, but this caused the Fedorovich’s doubt, and most importantly, an insult to arbitrarinessѣ and the rudeness of Nicholas Vasilievich, and in the future, this served to break the joint purchases.But this gap and arbitrariness of Nikolai Vasilievich did not belong to 1892, and the late past was approximately ten years later. , as always, produce very neatly and kindly, the VD Bulousov’s part I bought from a long party was sent to me by my personal letter and all my addresses, and it was delivered to our backyard. When I sent to the plant, each part was branded high the stigmas on the falcon or on the root of the tail, which remains at the end of the tail, after cutting off the needles. According to these ME the stigmas are sent out, they are cut out, the skin made out is disassembled in batches in order to calculate which pair of cut BE turned out to be more profitable. Sometimes, when buying, it’s unfortunate / especially for an inexperienced buyer / you determine the size or the whole is larger, but it turns out to be less, or vice versa; or, if two are buying, for example, we, i.e. Vasily Parfenovich and I, sometimes there are disagreements: one believes that this pairE_______384_______to pass the last postage 105 od. in ten, and the second to say: nt, 103, will no longer be. Then they expressed themselves according to the generally accepted custom: “Well, look at me, tell the knife the truth”, that is, it will be revealed in the cutting, since before opening all the skin is measured by fathom and on each cod, near the tail, small and colored pencils are written, how many quarters and tip; quarters are written in numbers, and versions with dashes / for example: ten quarters and three vertices are written 103, and nine two are 9: and so yes /. A certain party starts cutting, if possible, the whole cutter; each on 30 skin. If 10 cutters enter 300 closed leathers into a closed section, all of them are changed and recorded in a separate book, either the owner himself or the contractor, and the last time is with us. close the factory by the head office Alexey Vladimirovich. Pestov. The result is calculated, which lasts thirty dozen, thus it turns out a complex m вra of tenѣ complex mѣra of tenѣ105 or 103 1/2 and so on /. Find out that today the total complex size of three hundred koyavs turned out to be 1 05, and tomorrow this non-party three hundred skin turned out to be 99 1/2 quarters. Today, each cutter is selected equally thirty skin by I 05 even, and tomorrow 99 1/2 each, so that it can be seen which cutter is more profitable to cut. One is cut from the skin by 10 rubles, and the other by a quarter less, the third by twenty or thirty rings more, and so on. But from the cutter, the product is branded with colorful letters and delivered to the sorter. Sorters to disassemble, strictly conditional goods, i.e. according to the description of the quartermaster's treasury sample. This is the first grade, for private sale the 2nd grade, and, finally, marriage [3rd grade.-onethat_______385_______ Each grade has a corresponding price. Low grades - 2nd and 3rd grades, the cheapest, are spelled, i.e. it turns out which cutter got more marriage. Every cutter has a deduced amount, originally obtained, of the amount you cut, with a discount on marriage. For example, at the cutter, the letter I calculated before sorting: cutting was given 10p.25k. 32 kopecks are thrown off by marriage, 9 rubles.93 kopecks are deposited. and so on. All these information are transferred to the office, there are written BE books, according to the raw materials, i.e. from whom the raw materials were bought, for example, 3000 leather, every day, when his party is cut up, his account is written and the result of cutting and writing is written, and when all his pairs have ended, the total result is summed up and the total sum of the value of the saved goods and a complex lot of ten parts is displayed, for example, 103 1/4 and gave a pattern for each BE skin, for example, 9 p. 85 K., and this purchase is vari with delivery to the backwaters and the cost of a trip for the purchase of about 7 p .25 k., In books, it is concluded that, in general, such and such a party gave 2 p.6 each 0 to.Every day, the office, writing down a book to open 110 parts and for individual cutters, makes a copy, a common house / called reporters / and this is served daily to the owner of the purchaser, and if there are two or three owners, then to everyone each copy if they want to /. Every day, the owners can observe how profitable or not profitable their purchase is, or one or the other party is profitable or unprofitable, so that the next time you are more careful about the appraisal when purchasing a local area of ​​raw materials. So ge daily owners have the opportunity to follow 10 reporters - to control which cutter is more profitable to cut andragҳka ..and sayoo_______386_______ less marriage. If which often changes, i.e. they cut more expensive all year, and tomorrow it’s cheaper than others ”, and then again more expensive, and then two days later it’s cheaper, it’s considered normal, because although the same amount is chosen all the same, there are flaws on the skin: cuts on the face or deep cuts on the back we / i.e. from. meat side /, as well as overgrowth of backs and through fistulas / according to the legendary description, an overgrown donkey in a sock is not allowed, and in the upper half of the front a certain amount is allowed, no more than 10 pcs. ѣ beforeѣ. In the tibia, the pasta is allowed in the upper part not more than a third of the length of the tibia / i.e. Volume t томѣ томѣ г г г г гѣ г ш ш, when stitching ога a boot is put under the glue /. A short E front is not allowed, shakiness of the current is thoroughly ironed. The sorter strictly follows and all that was mistakenly or necessary, closed during opening, the sorter is discarded in the 2nd or 3rd sort. If during a week or two the one who closes regularly gets less and less marriage than the others, then the senior owner, or the father, who is currently at home at the factory, is kindly alone to tell this cutter: "llo finish work, evening , hall di to many. " Out of the cut, the time ended at 5 pm. All cutters from E nearby villages go home, and the invitee is behind. The others see and guess, with a smile, I ask: "What, he was wrongly awarded to the owner for tea an invitation to receive." Indeed, this came at a time when the owners drank tea and came close by a box and planted tea to drink. If the table has only its own village, for help the owner kindly show reporters for tea, regularly {-2 weeks showing the sad results of its cutting. You_______387_______ In this case, the cutter cannot say that he was hit every day with pile, or lodministic, or cropped skin, and the other was only clean. For no one is given the choice. It is possible to happen two days in a row that the same cutter would fall on the line more quickly, and I-2 would not be able to get all the skin areas in a row, this would not happen in any plant. By virtue of necessity, the protectors are acknowledged. If he’s an old man, then say that it’s time for the glasses to come in or resign, and if he’s young, then the owner should offer him to swap places with other cutters, to stand between 2 more outstanding in cutting and farthing, in doubtful cases, consult with them. However, when it came to our factory, it increased to 500 leathers daily, there were 15 to 20 cutters with the students, then the senior cutters A.V. Pestov was not cut, but the production was specially cut, and then the cutters were badly cut 11 results have already been transmitted through it. Almost daily, or at least 2-3 times a week, A.V.llestov came. The owners had to examine the portals and advised him to tighten up or pay serious attention to one or the other, or completely set aside, especially the unsuccessfully chosen student's cutters. But of course, not every time a plant was called for closure, and sometimes it was discussed with him and other routines for the cutting section of the plant.When he had to pull up the specified cutter, they would tell him: “Because of you, something often takes you to call me tea; I warn you: if you don’t pull up, you won’t be attentive, so the next time I don’t10._______388_______ctrtI’ll go to defend you, and I’ll send you: you will drink a housekeeping tea. When the Bazvannyi locker came to visit when outsiders, or when: a guest, then the owner took him to another room or office, 2 cups of tea were served there, the door was shut, so that no one could see and hear how to walk secret conversations. It was considered unacceptable to embarrass or compromise, to embitter his closure of the circus to outsiders. Every breederѣ preferred to keep a close-up of his training and believed that his cutters were better than all other plants.When finding out the results of the profitability of goods by pairs, the owners checked their knowledge on the purchase of raw materials. This year we were bought in Tyumen! the homogeneous goods of the Russian carnage and almost the entire Barnaul region, except for the part of Rechapov’s party, and almost all of them gave the same results: it was better that the part purchased from Blousov yielded almost one ruble more than others, because . Blousov is not a commodity dealer, but the richest leather breeder in Yekaterinburg. His clerk bought the raw materials for the Yekaterinburg sogo Bologo plant in Yekaterinburg throughout the winter, he took his time and carefully stored it during drying, and dried it well, not trying to leave extra weight on a pound. You brought Tyumen this party, as said above, late, the customers almost all the time Ehaha, and therefore accidentally had to buy it from Boulousov at the lowest fair price, and when the goods were delivered, the clerk was in a hurry to cut it off: when weighing in bales, it took 2-3 times pounds 3-4, and a little thicker in the roar, then 5 pounds. Skidyval without talking. Blousov;_______389_______. . for its plant, this raw material was already redundant. So, after the poor year, according to cheap prices, they, having cash on hand, bought up raw materials for the needs of their plant for the whole year in abundance, and therefore the excess) they decided to sell it to Tyumen at all costs. Selling at the lowest price, they still benefited from this raw material and we remained friends for a long time, although they never sold raw materials anymore, but when I was in Yekaterinburg I always brought home guests to them. His house was “BE town”, and on the market square, not far from his house, he had a tannery, and his backwater was a village, ver. 8 of Yekaterinburg. Two times he drove me to the backwater, the first time - Show the backwater, and the second time I wanted to get acquainted with a sawing machine that saws the skin out into two along the length of the koi. We didn’t have a sawing machine at the factory yet; when we removed the last ash, the skin was cleaned, i.e. the excess thickness of the mezdra was removed by small tapes, i.e. on the meat side, and this ash shavings - mezdra came to boil the wood glue; at our factory, there were glue factories and we made glue at home at our factory, and the majority of breeders sold mezdra for 7-10 kopecks of blue leather. When sawing tires appeared, our village bought the first one, Ivan Tim. Wahrushev. Six months later, Ilya Timofeevich bought it, but both did not show how to work on these machines and how they would benefit from this; the split goat was sold to VE Moskv and it was heard that the demand for it was great and was gaining from 50 k. to 80 k. skin - this is a huge difference in comparison with adhesive glue. Nas forI was interested in: as if to look at these cars with uncles, and is it possible_______390_______ and buy us. Acquainted Vlousov with Blousov, I told him that our uncles and I have sawing machines and do not show anyone, work on these machines with the locks, lock two rows, do not let anyone leave it. V.D. Blousovѣ said: “Eat a lot for the backwater, I will show it, and if you want, I will sell my car: I have it paid 780 rubles, and I will give it for 600 rubles, because I want to write out from Germany from * My mustache for 5,000 rubles with a tape knife that cuts the skin clean and clean, i.e. washed and washed, and my car and Batheir uncle's machine sawing leather only tanned, and it is tame, and that ina, s. ribbon with a knife; to bring it into action it is necessary to use a steam engine or a gas and oil engine. At that time, our salzh was not only in our factory, but also in other uncles there were no steam engines yet. Having examined Bulousov’s car, I asked him for drawings - catalogs. When they brought home, they showed Stepan F. Sleep slowed down, saying that the breeder was not in vain to sell, he was probably unsuitable for himself. It’s better to wait, we’ll look around at some uncles, and we’ll write out the same new one from Germany. Better together 600 rubles. we’ll pay thousand or one and a half, but you’ll be sure that it will work no worse than my uncle. ”I prove to him that Blousovi is inferior in price to less than the cost, because having steam power, they put the wheel completely with a ribbon knife, and this one has it should be in the barn, and this scruff of the New - I can see how it works. If you want, we can once again take a ride and 10 see. After 2-3 weeks, the raspberries will be in our factory and will already work. If we refuse, Blousov to sell it to others, and we’ll still get together sometime to see our uncles ifoneI kitonegLP_______391_______. . show, but someday we’ll write it down - walk a year or two; during this time, we’re not getting enough money from uncles from 50 to 80 kopecks against uncles. at. leather, these are kaids. about twenty thousand rubles a year. Stepan rested, noreason does not listen, said: "Vam, if necessary, you buy them from Bulo mustache, but many do not." I wrote. To Blousov it’s possible that my partners decided so far to refrain from buying his sawn raspberries, and when we are ready to buy, then we will write to him. After ѣ 3-4 months prіkhal from Moscow Pavel troubles. Once again, talk of renewed sawing machinesѣ. Stepan F. insists on asking to ѣ Ilѣ Tim. look at his German car at work and then, according to the drawings, compare Blousovskaya. If so, then write to ѣ Blousov to send or write out from Germany. We, i.e. Yai Pavel F. convinced Stepan that there was no need to go to Il't. to humiliate, ask, and even a question. - show me. You want to go down, then take a look. Step up insists: "Come along with all three, and alone, or even together, I will not go." We see that his stubbornness can be beaten and is affordable for thousands or several hundred and rubles every day. Send all three of them, Ilya T. accepted us in the presence of his son, Nikolai Ilyich, apparently kindly. You should start saying, “Well, my nieces and uncle found out, came when needed, or you thought that your uncle would never need Vam”. He began to express different old ones, causing him troubles: for bidding the Quartermaster, as if Pavel had compromised him F. before dlabuzovnym - demanded an increase in the quantity at the last moment. When you buy Klabukov’s land for the church, Pavel Tilozil that you don’t have to bother Kl_______392_______Eg TіgkaBukovskaya land until the construction of the church. Peter Al. lured their greedy clerk. Stepan r. lured accountant and cutter, etc. We all listened. Finally, Yes Vel F. rises, and turns to Stepan F.: “I don’t show, heh, so do not crawl into someone else’s backwater. If you want, stay and listen to the notation, and we will go. Pretty much heard! Then Ilya Tim, flew into a rage: "I don’t show. I have never said I won’t leave. Go now - sie. Nikolay, show me and make koya: cut dozens with them." Inspect the car thanked. Having returned home, they compared with the drawing brought from Bulousov. We see that such a machine. Immediately they wrote to Bulousov in Yekaterinburg a telegram with paid return saying that they agreed to buy a sawing machine for 600 rubles. Tomorrow, upon receipt of confirmation from him, we transfer money and ask you to send it immediately. The next day, it turned out to be unsuccessful: I had sold the sawing machine a long time ago. Rѣshi - whether immediately to discharge from Germany the family of Manus. But this is still from - the weather was drawing time. Thus, many people didn’t gain twenty or twenty-five rubles against their uncles. When we got Manus’s family a sawing machine, the Parfenovichi looked unanimously, now they have written out from 11en usa such-ke. In this way. They saw a sawing machine for a few months later.Much later, when I met with V.D.Blolovlovym, they asked me: “Why did you refuse to buy my fishing machine and six months later telegraphed whether you decided to buy it again? I sent your refusal to approve Vakiy action, thinking that and you decided to put a shpalt - a tape machineg.-_______393_______T.P...I’ve got a knife, but many people soon turned up a medical breeder and I sold him for 780 rubles, i.e. at cost, but you are in real terms, although you should respect it even at a loss to yourself. "I explained to him that one of my companions was stubborn at first, and when you got it yourself, how to saw the machine and how to get the difference in revenue against glutinous meszra, go oHE-the insistence is quicker to buy and deliver while Blousovskaya, and when they found out that yours was sold, they wrote out Ot Geng mustache, but she arrived half a year later. Blousovy said: “You cabled it later: after that, it’s not raspberry never walk. I already had one given and already delivered with a tape knife. I wanted Bat! It is necessary to put Bn better with a ribbon knife, because they cut it into the skin in a cleanser, it is much more profitable to tan it, it is better and sooner to be smoothed. And secondly, tannin material to go less. But they didn’t write, thinking that they would probably be offended that some kind of Yekaterinburg breeder takes into account the Vyatka large deliveries - bring them to the Russian Army.V.D. Blossom byl: Ї Yekaterinburg Old Believer merchant. His father was uneducated, but his son, having studied at the gymnasium, set off to study at Kazan University. After a hundred deaths and Vasily Dementievich left the university from the second year, he began to continue his father’s business of the leather bargaining Bly. Then, after his father, they bought a rural plot of land at a small river and set up a small tanneries, but immediately according to scientific and steam magic. Noii. From the old to mѣ in. Yekaterinburg arranged a chic one-story stone house, CE comfort OM, they furnished it. But the restroom was arranged in Siberian or old - ѣ чески чески - - retired wooden courtyard ѣ, 10–15 sazhen fathom to ma. The last one really surprised my wife when we passed herLi1 NN_______394_______Altin Irbit, came to visit the Blousovs. She could not understand why such rich millionaires, having a chic house, for a newly built one, prefer not to have a restroom, because it’s in the yard and cold. I dwelled in detail on the description of V.D.Blousov, not only because of chance, Anѣ. I had from him, more profitable than others, to buy a batch of raw materials, but in general I wanted to show that at that time, both the choirs and unspoiled natures or types were in Russia, and especially in Siberia and the Urals, among businessmen. Firstly, after saying the word, they will never change their word, but they will be sure that you will see that they are straightforward, unsophisticated and your word doesn’t diverge, they’re all over you try to help, not only without self-interest, and sometimes even damage. for myself. Like, for example, Blousov gave us advice on the score of power shpal-mafromTIRES.I return to checking my own assumptions of valuation when buying raw materials. After the Blousovskaya, it was profitable, as | we assumed, at the second place, the Piskulinskaya party, at the third - Kulmometyevskaya / t.k. she was bought at 50 K. in pounds more expensive. Finally, on the last day, Rechalovskaya. During haulage with. A steamboat from E Vyatka to our village for factories, I see - to bring a lot of raw materials from the skin of the CE with the letter Vasiliy Parte novich to his backwater, and the product does not look like ours, a Kyrgyz slaughter, different times of different quality, salted and fresh, pole vault and earth drying • RB in general, different rabble, up to 8000 leather. when I see Vasiliy Parf., I ask: "When and where did you buy this product. As if in Tyumen I}this product wasn’t seen, but at the same time came in one barge_______395_______smiling Tyumensky iz Perm. "He unscrewed:" This is the only one sent directly from Siberia, and we agreed with him below the city fair. And you about it. shut up wai. " I later learned that Aleksandr Stepanovich Shubin, who lived at the second time in Yermi, bought 8,000 leather raw materials from the Tyumen Fair from the Tyumen Fair, making it easier for the Parfenovichs to buy large quantities of these raw materials from him. at a loss for himself, but himself. went bankrupt and paid for the good voluntary deal with the Tatars on the two-handed for the ruble. So, like the sellers of the Tatars, when the time came for bills of exchange, they drove him to the backwater, they saw that the goods were empty and the factory was empty and there was nothing to take. They didn’t want to put Shubin in jail, because he stated that “Put him in jail - I’m from prison, but I won’t pay anyone a copy, and you will pay feed for me, and if I voluntarily agree, I will pay you 20 kopecks For a ruble for six months, we all agreed, no one knew that the goods had been resold to Vasily Parfenovich, and I only figured out what Vasily Parf had whispered to A.S. Shubin when we went to Tyumen and back, and therefore, Va Silіy Parf. did not persistently buy raw materials this time E BE menu and categories Yesky refused half of the Bulousov pair, although he saw that the comrade was very profitable. Considering that the Shubin batch of 8,000 skins, although a bad product, they could reach and fill the backwater for 40-50 days, but it was bought from us 8,000 kokhs are smaller than their yago. Then it was in Tyumen good-naturedly and advised many: "If you dodge payment. cash third, then don’t be afraid - buy it alone, don’t look at me: I have my own reasons; if you buy one, you won’t regret it. "and it turned out.іCHIN_______396_______ M.K. Fofonov, having beaten half of the Piskulin party with us, we bought in Tyumen several more batches of Kyrgyz goods, put everything together, make up a batch of 7000 leather, bring home Slobodskaya to the Demyanka and sell it in the fall the whole batch of Ivan Timofeevich Vakhrushev, in all conscience, 50 kopecks. on the skin of good, installment money on credit, i.e. bills of exchange for different periods of time, Och 3-b to 9 mѣs., and as L.K. Fofonov and themselves bought part of the loan, then excluding the account in the banks of the bills of Ivan Tim., I.e. deducting the expense of interest paid to the bank. for taking into account his bills, MKFofonov remained of pure benefit from 25 to 35 kopecks. on the skin. In this way. M.K. Fofonov, buying raw materials 2-3 times a year in Tyumen, Irbit and Shadrinsk and reselling it at home to various breeders, and sometimes to us, but mostly from Tim. Vakhrushev, getting every time from 30 to 50 kopecks. benefit for the term or net benefit with the exception of accounting from 15 to 35 kopecks. Every year he earned from 5,000 to 10,000 rubles, not having a factory, but only reselling raw materials. It should be noted that starting this commodity trade, they, like us, had very little cash of their own and did not have it, just like us, Zhibiryakov had a loan, and thanks to the good feedback of K.I. Nazarov, it was a year. Ot of the year, like M.K. Fofonov,and so did Vakhrushev; the Siberians trusted more and more. In the aftermath, the Tatars already recommended one to another, they said one to the other that "I sold them on Nazarova’s advice, all bills were justified on time, and banks willingly took their age into account, without limitation." I asked Nazarov how much can be trusted with Vakhrushevруш. Nazarov said how many land_______397_______ but you can be mistaken: they had everything good for them and to seal everything in a timely manner. I also asked the banks how much Vakhrushev bills can be taken into account in your bank, then all of it: I don’t have to sieve everything, how much you have in them. Then other sellers, Tatars or Jews, having heard such a comment from their fellow merchant, having no opportunity to see and personally ask K. Nazarov, but having heard his feedback about us from the second hand, they began to lend to us all, Vakhrushevs. Thus, thanks exclusively to K.I. Nazarov, the name All Vakhrushevs ҳ gained good fame throughout commercial Siberia, and since the railway was completed, the fame passed beyond Lake Baikal to Vladivostok inclusive.There were also cases when someone asked one of the Vakhrushevs about another Vakhrushev. For example, ask Alek Ilyich about Fedorovich or Parfenovich, whether they can be sold on credit. Alexey Ilyich hesitates and says: “If you want to sell money to the seller, you should sell it to them, and when you receive the bills on time, then you will spend more or less money. My advice is that you better sell them for cash, although a little cheaper, it’s better to have a tit in your hands, than a crane in the clouds. " The seller is afraid to go to K.I. Nazarov and say: “What a lot of mysteries Alexey Ilyich Vakhrushev told about his cousins ​​Tiev бра. According to him, Parfeno vi cham and Fedorovich can’t sell credit.” K.I. Nazarov say: “Look, you have found someone to ask - a nonsense, idiot. Yes, he should not pay in front of others. As long as you father live, you can be proud of your father, and die father, so-and-so seven brothers, all seven_______398_______ pull in different directions. Let’s see what will be removed then. But these Parfenovichs and Fedorovichs have been five years old without age - they have not worked, they have worked and they have been developing and working honestly, sober, hardworking, not proud and, most importantly, fair. Sell ​​as much as you like, don’t be afraid, don’t pay attention to Aleksy Ilyich nonsense. You ask him whether it is possible to sell Alafuzov on credit, so he would have said with pleasure: not crawling, but only afraid that you will spit his eyes with him. "At the same time with. Alexѣem Ilyich at the same fairs, former Konstantin Ivanovich Vakhrushev. There have been cases — they have addressed him with similar questions. They dismissed: "I am Fedorov, a cham and Parfenovich, the closest relative. You may find my reviews partial, but you would best ask KI Nazarov. He should know all the choirs and tell you the truth and without passion."Look at such a position II and it was necessary for our companyѣ, at the moment of the beginning of my active activity as a companyѣ, to continue my leatherwork and to gradually develop it.Last time in the Tyumen Fair I ѣzdil p. Vasilіem Parf. at. 1895, i.e. before the opening of the Perm-Kot Lass railway movement We went away from Vyatka, Olya on the ship в, at the end of the 1st year, and in the 2nd classѣ. My wife went to escort me to the steamer to Medvѣdok and brought with her two melons, BE couples grown up nicely at our new home. Everyone was amazed at what it was like: to bring melons from Vyatka to the steamer in the direction BE, Kazan, and even after Peter Petrov’s day, i.e. K. 29th and Jun. Is everyone accustomed to seeing the first melons and watermelons at the beginning of August in Kazan or at the Nizhny Novgorod fair? and all know that in Vyatka take arEBUT_______399_______buzes and melons are from Kazan, and we are lucky, on the contrary, from E Vyatka. My wife, having reached Medvedok, said goodbye to us and left her aunt’s relatives, the Rukavishnikovs, Olga Danilovna Elachina, a name-mill located in Nolinsky district, about five hundred miles away and there. a melon - gifts aunt. I’ve stayed there, on a boat, and returned home.I am Vasiliy Parf. ѣҳal in Tyumen. This time they stayed Novilsya on the market square, the house of the mayor, mil lioner Tekutiev, from his cousin, who rented one free furnished house from him at the time of the fair and took the apartment for rent, renting rooms, one for two on the ruble per day. Although we paid the same price earlier with the scrap driver, but he did. we also have a horse for ѣzdy v tabor free of charge. But the scrap car driver had already died, and his wife had stopped the scrap business, and they hadn’t had order for the last time, they were constantly in the yard with noise and dirt, and they kept it dirty in the room. In the house, Tekutyev was clean and tidy and better. Tea in the morning was always served up to the machine: pies or pancakes, or milk buns, and so on - variety / was called in Siberian: KE tea hot bite /. This time, we, again with the assistance of K.I. Nazarov, met with. Tkmensky rich peasants - nomi - merchant Ivan Dmitrievich. Pyatkov, we live twenty miles from Tyumen. It traded in various Moscow goods, manufactories, groceries, dishes, and Chinese yayas in the villages of the Tyumen district: the village of Spasskoye, Voznesenskoye, and others. This is a huge village, with a population of several thousand inhabitants. At Pyat_______400_______In all villages, trustees were planted and warehouses and shops opened, imported goods were sold to the local population, and local goods were bought up: leather, sheepskin, wool, lard, wheat, oats, laziness and seed. All collected for. In the meantime, the skin was collected, dried and brought to Tyumen square at the time of the fair. The goods are all Russian carnage, clean, sold for the whole. With Nazarov’s assistance, we managed to buy from Pyat - - kov for this connector, the whole lot: about seven and a halfthousand skin. Ivan Dmitrievich Pyatkov was 65 years old, he had only a wife - there were no children. His capital was million, the house is large in the village, well-maintained, counting in a village or merchant style, furnished richly-chic, but consider the tasteless and variegated for the townspeople. Around the stone barns; everything is covered with iron, 2 versts from their village pass Yekaterinburg-Tyumen railway. road. Pyatkov, etc., exhausted and, at his own expense, set up a semi-station and a platform for loading and unloading goods, arrows and a siding were arranged, and the semi-station was called Pyatkovskaya. Passenger trains stop for one minute, receive and disembark the passes: и ѣ, and freight trains take goods and don’t even empty the wagons that came with the load, or donate empty freight wagons for the load, and also load the wagons for the load. Raise old age, in the last time, Iv.d. Pyatkov was carried away by charity, and arranged peasants and peasant women in his village near his home for an almshouse for the elderly. Secured by further maintenance of their capital, put in the bank. The percentages of this capital are forever dolyna to contain the living of this alms-rich old woman and old woman, and the society of creativeі_______401_______ Styan, choosing from his midst a committee of 5 faces.At the house, in a separate courtyard, at Ivan D. a huge stone one-story covered iron room was arranged, a two-year ministerial school, training, besides a general educational department, and also crafts, with apartments for teachers. On the content of the school and teacher and student hostel, Yves. D. Pyatkov contributed to the capital of the Ministry according to the instructions of the Ministry, and the further management and maintenance of this school took over !! Iv.d. were lifelong honorary trustee of this school. I.D. Pyatkovѣ had all the medals for various donations, which could have been a peasant, i.e. starting with silver on the chest and ending with gold on the neck. Finally, they received an award: the title of personal honorary citizen Danin. At the same time, at his own expense, I was in the immediate vicinity of them. the village [where they were by the parish. / the church was rebuilt and decorated, and the priest of that village was supported by a trip to the horses. Pyatkova daily attend a ministerial school for lawteachersB. Afterwards, I heard when the death of I.D. Pyatkov, all his capital and his house was won in favor of the ministerial school and the local church. He could have been direct and heirs) his nephews, the children of his brother Mikhail Dmitrievich’s deceased) but during his lifetime Ivan d lived with his nephews quarreling, because they strongly, young people, offended the old man and did not apologize, that is, they did not want to admit themselves guilt. So they didn’t reconcile to death, and therefore, as if, Ivan Dmitrievich IIyatkov didn’t unsubscribe to them in inheritance from the inheritance.Fasting the 4th or 5th time of the Tyumen Fair, I was convinced-- four ...1 CAfourandat_______402_______ that the circle of our acquaintance with sellers of raw materials and the trust of KE Nan began to expand. In Tyumen –– we met with the Tropavlovsk merchants raw materials, who brought to Tyu less dry skin in the spring along the river Pavlodar; somehow: Galei Salekhovich. Biryushev, Higmatulla Yarulin, Sibogatulla Gubaidu line and the Burnashev brothers. They all began to invite to Petro - Pavlovsky, they said that you only need to bring Tyumen to those who buy Pavlodar and Tomsk, or to the Ob - Semipala Tinsk, Barnaul, Biy sk and villages Kamn and Novonikolaevsk. And at Illet Rovavlovsk almost local goods are collected at the same time, Petropavlovsk and from Akmolinsk. These are sold to local breeders, or given for bargaining, and then sent out as a cook, to bring the same merchants back to Akmolinsky and to sell or to raise the Kyrgyz meat again for raw materials, or sheepskin, or lard. For similar offers Vasily Parf. and the other breeders waved away their hands, saying: “Where will we go again? We will have fairs for this, there are fairs: Tyumen, Ir Bitskaya and Nizhny Novgorod; bring to the fair, there are dozens, a). there may be hundreds of sellers and as many buyers: who "what to see • like - then buy." Sellers argue that to bring to the fair - it is necessary to pay for transportation and other overhead costs that go from 30 to 50 kopecks. at stake, and on the spot, I’m not the half of that expense, i.e. Quarterly, in koyau, I also gave up selling houses, which are at home, so that you will be able to come home to us next time. Breeders object to this by sellers: “You say so when you call yourself, and you come to you, you say differently, you say,“ Well, home, you really need to signify, and it’s more expensive to break the price for fifty dollarst_______403_______Finally, you’ll say: you have to pay, I have my own barn, at least spend a year, don’t pay for storage, but you bring it to the fair, so you want to sell to everyone at the end of the fair, to rent a room and leave until the next yes. Involuntarily you sell that value which was realized in this fair. Most breeders. it was so argued. Alexey Ilyich Vakhrushev said that if the next year Yekaterinburg connects the Burgas railway line with a railway branch from the Siberian railway, then perhaps it would be possible to get to Petropavlovsk in front of the Tyumen Fair, or take a look at the end of the Tyumen Fair, and Little. Vasily Parf. said: "But I won’t go, and I won’t take a look." Then you should say alone: ​​“You’ve got a new place, no one knows you, you have to buy for cash, and someday you will be recognized and someone else will be sought after to ask if you can trust them. And you should sit there, but wait " I did not dispute, but I accepted all these arguments to be holy. Once. we gathered in apartments ѣ K.I. Nazarov in Tyumen. There also was the past Petropavlovskiy merchant-raw-materialist Galei Salekhovich. Birushev, who respected justice for the dawn, for Biryushev speaks the truth about everything and about everything. I went into a general conversation about what was done along the Great Siberian route and by connecting it to the Urals by the railroad to Yekaterinburg, perhaps the raw materials were, if not all, then most of it to go to Petropavlovsk. In any case, the Petropavlovsk merchants will not bring their goods to Tyumen. K.I. Nazarovѣ said that whoever drove Tyumen, all of it was Tyumen and sent along the rivers, as well, it’s more profitable for the Petropavlovtsy from Pavlodar to sail in waterѣ_______404_______Tyumen, who drove camel across the steppe to Petropav, and the local Petropavlovsk goods and Akmolinsk did not transport them to Tyumen before, but sent them to Petropavlovsk and brought them back to the steppes for the Kirghiz, and carried the rest. If the Irbit Fair, the axis of the railways are lost, it will lose its value for the raw materials of leather: H11 Tyumentsi and Petropavlovsk will not take them there, but they will call the factory breeders for themselves. Yes, you see Petropavlovsk, except Birushchev, and the Boer Nashyev brothers, perhaps there are some merchants, the rest are all braided people, keep an eye on them. ” Turns to Biryushev: “Is that what I say, Galya Salekhovich. * G.S.Biryushev distracts:“ With .. all expressed by you, Konstantin Ilyich, I agree with the considerations. All your motives on the account of shipments. BE Tyumen and Irbit are completely correct. Only I do not agree with your last message that the Petropavlovsk ’merchant is better than the Biryushev and Burnashevs. This is completely wrong. Recognize and make sure that there are very respectable and respectable merchants, Petropavlovsk residents; perhaps you admit that they are much better than the Biryunev and Burnashevs you praise now. "All this turned into a joke and the talk stopped. I carefully listened to everything and asked some questions to Biryushev, alone in half a voice: approximately, how much Petropavlovsk is going to collect raw materials, are there large batches? What complicated whole sort is sorted into lots for sale by the first grade, and in which period of the year is it most convenient to cut, that is, when all raw materials are grouped. nѣ seemed quite It is interesting and posovѣtoval, if you wish, prіѣzzhat unto kontsѣtee_______405_______July, that is, immediately after the Tyumen Fair, or simultaneously with. Tyumen Fair. I thanked and we went home, and Biryushev contacted K.I. Nazarov, saying that Vakhrushev’s young man, Pyotr Al., Apparently became interested in Petropavlovsk and inquired in detail about the Peter and Paul’s raw materials, apparently suggesting trying to go buy Petro Pavlovsk. If you get it, is it possible to lend it, and for what amount. Con Art. Ilyich said: "This one. Pyotr Aleksandrovich will probably come forward and come to you, but he’s only Vasily Parr. You’ll almost always buy, but Vasiliy Parf. and separately, and as much as you like, 2..e. how much to buy, so much can be sold. Because they themselves are deprived - it’s in vain not to buy a soft.In the last, when I began to go shopping, I didn’t go tropavlovsk, G.S. Birkushev provided much support in the sense of credit. They completely replaced Nazarov there. All the Govtts Peter and Paul. You just said the words of K.I. On Zarov, and Nazarov and Petropavlovsk all merchants were also so upset that in vain Nazarov did not approve anyone and in vain did not blame anyone. If it wasn’t the phrase, then everyone began to offer loans for interruption and lack of confidence. But I will write about Petro Pavlovsky purchases below.In the same year, in the month of February, I visited the Irbitsky Fair, but not with Vasily Parf., But with his son Nikolai Vasilyevich. In this way. many have already had the first time to speak for the purchase of large parties for senior, i.e. independently, assuming moral responsibility. VE Irbit-.---_______406_______ then the last time the raw materials were brought by the Petropavlovsk merchants, for the next. The connection of the Siberian railway was already expected. smiling Ural-Perm railway. Yekaterinburg - Chelyabinsk. This time they brought in Irbit все a little raw material and an all small lot, although the buyers were, but in small appetites. We have given directives from E home that if there is something suitable, then buy leather for 2000 or 3000, and if you don’t buy it, then you don’t need to. During the fair it turned out that the only solid and good-quality batch of b-5500 was in the hands of the Peter and Paul Kirghiz - rich Urambay Zheltrova. They all got into the bargain, who had at least a slight need, we and Alexey Ilyich Vakhrushevt were among them Earlier, he was examined by the goods and the yellowing, which made it necessary to reach us today at E 314 hours of the day.When after our. the examinations were put back into a heap of varies, approached Alexey Ilyich, looked through everything to the end and declared that they would not mind buying his party if they would sell no more than the existing ones at the bazaar. Zheltrov said: “There is no time for me once and I can’t generalize anything yet. Come back tomorrow and talk.” We all lodged BE Irbit in one share. At the dawn in a large stone house, occupy 2 large rooms, while Alexey Ilyichi is near it! large room; and we CE Nico bark Vasilyevichem and si Andrei Demidovich. Kropachev was quartered in the outbuilding of the same house. Eto come to them or KE Nam - they all see. At three o'clock you will see Urazbay kel tyrev. I invited him to sit with Nikolai Vasilyevich, and I defeated E.I. Nazarov, once they told him what we wanted to buy from Beltyrev, but ask against. Tyumen bazaar prices 20 or 30 kopecks. expensive. Yes, apparently, and Alexey Ilyich aboutR--E.3repE_______407_______to send this party to Zheltirev so that he could sell it. I’m afraid that Aleksey Ilyich will take this part from us, and therefore you can’t influence the eltyrev to give us up and at least slightly reduce the price. Keltyrev now arrived to us. K.I. Nazarovi, right now, with my send to our apartment, saying: “We’ll look at what we can do, we’ll try. Only the seller is Kheltyrev very hard, always love the road of others, albeit on a two-pronged one, sell, but in extreme cases, you don’t give him cash now , let it wait all the noise of 12 months. *We leave Nazarov’s apartment. Aleksey Ilyich meets in the corridor, asks: "Where are you going." E.I. he replies: "Look, they need a little help." Alexѣ Il. to say: what am I with. I’ll go to help you. "K.I. Nazarovѣ to say:" Nѣti, don’t go, you don’t need to and you’re not called. "Alexei Ilyich:" Nѣti, I’ll come to help you anyway. "EI Nazarov говорить say:" Bad you might, soon expect that you will do something with your Bhei bolt. "We went ahead with the Nazarovs. K.I. only managed to say hello to. Zheltrovym and say: "You must sell these to young people. Do not offend the guys and the price, they will come in handy ahead. I’ve heard that you ask too much, give in a little." At this time, Alexey Ilyich came running and said: “Of course, we must give in and sell to them,” and he smiles maliciously. Helytrov say: “They already gave this price to me, and if I hadn’t given a word to reach them today at three o’clock, that would be before twelve o'clock. the party has already been sold. But I keep my word, I won’t lose my mouth, and I won’t backtrack either: I will not add what I appointed, but for that price I give it to him, more so that Nazar ordered, brokers xot_______408_______ roshіy and free. "Alexy again laughs, but say:" They are Zhetyrov them. give in. ”K.I. Nazarov said:“ You, Alexei, do not rock your teeth, better shut up. ”Nazarov take his right hand: mine and my right one from Zheltrov’s: it’s finished, bring our hands together.“ Pray to God. Let it be Zheltrovskaya’s price, but my condition: all the money is twelve months ”: Zheltrov say:“ What, what, you, KI, yes, they themselves offered to pay earlier, and give part of it now in cash. ”K. I. Nazarov dismisses: - "You know little one another, for the first time you have to pay them and hoped that you would cash, so you would give them a half penny. And I have known Kheltir for a long time, he’d better get half a cent - give me an extra one, so he will agree to wait two years. Say thanks to me that I was mistaken, let slip, said 12 months, and not 24. I again. I repeat that the price does not yield, but the condition of others. You young merchants, do not give him. " Celt with a smile to say: "Ay, ah, Nazar, a good broker, but you don’t feel sorry for the old man, and you feel sorry for all the young. Well, let it be your way, we’ll end." Konst. Vilich, and for the cornfield and Alexey Il. Zhetyrov’s good health was sold, and we were sold and we went away. We took the goods 2-3 days later and sent Y. F. Tyryshkin - Alexander Lavrentyevich Ladygin to the factory, took Irbit to our factory on horses, BE 11 last time. For next year, Perm and Vyatka were united by eating. dear Av Irbit sovsam stopped bringing leather raw materials.All this I from Irbit told Pavel F. in a letter to Moscow in detail, and Nikolai Vas. to his father Vasily Parf. , since both of them were in the ИнтNoskvѣ k Инт Quartermaster’s bidding, appointed on М Martѣ mѣsyatѣ, and the candidate of science Nazarov from Irbit ukhal straight_______409_______oneone.I can buy it at the same auction. I invited Pavel F. to discuss with. Vasiliy Parf.: It would be kind of sharing something to thank K. Nazarov. During the course of five years, I see that only thanks to him, on preferential terms, are we buying raw materials in Siberia no worse and no more expensive than others and every year, thanks to Nazarov, our credit is increasing in Siberia. It’s inconvenient to offer him money and don’t take it, but is it possible to give a good first Syd carpet or a tuminnak silver plated samovar for half a half of 10 silver cup holders and silver cups with his initials. Having received this letter, Pavel F. was shown to Vasya and Andrey Parr. They are both big. pleasures joined. We went and bought everything. After the bidding, they invited KI to get home for a pie and explained that we were from Irbit Peter Al. and Nikolai you. We have submitted an initiative to express to you our common appreciation and gratitude for everything you have done annually for our companies and please accept this small gift. Nazarov objected that they are always happy to be of service to you, but your verbal gratitude is enough for me, but if you insist already, and my initial has already been cut out, you will probably have to bring Perm ki Nastas Lukyanovna. At this time, they bought the ear in Perm for Alabuzov’s Eremѣevskiy tannery backwater.When we started July of this year, we went to Tyumen, followed by a visit to the newly-bought backwater. Konst. Ilyich was already at the factory, and the family was still in Okhansk, because a small repair was carried out at the factory before. K.I. drove us and showed us the whole plant, and the houses promised to show on the way back,_______410_______when we go. Iz Tyumen. You have given your word to go back and forth.When we are Vasily Parf. to the end of July returned from Tyumen to Perm, we went to the Alabuzovskiy Zavod to Nazarova! In fact, it turned out that immediately after the Tyumen Fair, it was immediately called up by the owner in Kazan, and Anastasiya Lukyanovna was already in Perm at the factory. You went to show us everything; you came to the bubbly - pantry. A good silver samovar is on the shelf, and in the dining room a buffet is set up a silver service with cups and glasses. She show and say: "This spring, E.I. brought from Moskvin, there he was presented with some good peasants." She smiles. Vasiliy IIar. from the grumbler: "It means there is something for that, and .. to thank how to be able to." When we left, I ask dear Vasily Parf: “Doesn’t she know who gave it, a pose like that of an ena. It seemed like she was kind of a little man.” Vasily Pars. Replies: “Well, how not to know. She is like that, on purpose, to keep the fancy, but she smiles. "This year, on the first day, a railroad bridge was built across the Kama River, and traffic from Perm and Kotlas through Vyatka was open through it, so that we were already returning from Perm to this time on a railroad road. 1. I met Denya at the station / Zuevka, a hundred miles before reaching Vyatka / my wife Apollinariya Alekseevna. To take Zuevka’s apartment, Nichail Alexeyevich. Rukavishnikov, listening to the second engine driver, because when the railway operator of the Kotlas railway started, they arrived at Vyatka engineers for the construction. The chief of the movement took an apartment in the upper floor of my test house, I, Alexey Al.Ruka vishnikova, and promised Alex Alex. attach all his sons. _______411_______for the good service of the railway under construction. Mikhail Alekseev. immediately he stepped over to him while the assistant to the driver, and then the fortune was plagued by the engineers at the depot in Zuevka.Apollinarіya Alekseevna, having learned. from my telegram the day arrived, and that we had an evening on the newly-opened railway station, on the eve of which we reached Zuevka, spent the night with our brother and met us. We had a ride in a common open wagon of the 3rd class, vglѣstѣ with Vasily Par. VE Zuevka, she took our place in a 3rd-class carriage and together we returned to Vyatka by night, but to another? day in the morning. They went home to the village of Vakhrushevo.Finishing in the nomination about the Tyumen raw materials fairs, I consider it appropriate to say how difficult it was for me to study the theory of determining the cost of coca raw materials, in particular dry coke, i.e. dried for storage.No science or theory: e 19 it turned out, no decree - nіy to this account. Only from practice for leather breeders, it was believed that from one pound of fresh weight - skin, 16 pounds of dry weight of the skin and 12 1/2 pounds were obtained. up to 13 1/2 lbs. made leather. The Siberian raw materials of the Russian boquette-cutter generally had a total part of 17 to 19 pounds, and that of the Kirghiz cut - from 18 to 19 1/2 p. The Russian skin-cutting was different in that when the throat was cut, the throat cuts a little over the cow, and the lull along the throat peels off only to the lips, the whole pitched skin remains with the skin when you see three broad patches, this is called cheekbones or bangs among breeders. When the cheekbone of the cabbage soup is rocky, sometimes when the skin is opened, one of the knuckles of the leg is removed from the cheekbones and this results in 20-30 kopecks. on the skinѣ excess pattern in s_______412_______Kyrgyz cut. In the Russian cut, when the skin is removed, the legs peel off only to the knees, i.e. the skin is obtained with short paws, and therefore the dry raw material, due to the shortened distance, is 1/2 pound lighter against. Kyrgyz of the same size on the length of the skin.Kyrgyz cutting is quickly separated by the first appearance. For the Yergiz and Fataras to grumble: cut off the whole head when cutting, releasing more crozi, but nevertheless the whole head is peeled off, even the lips, and left with bruises, but the cheekbones or bangs with skin hang on a thin, patch of skin with a loose skin palm of width i.e. 2 or 2 1/2 apex, so that when opening the exposed skin with the end of the leg, you can’t remove the cheekbones of the Kyrgyz skin and the whole bangs of the cheekbones come when you open the flap, which is sold for a whole B. 3-4 times cheaper through the merchants buy up a piece of sweatshirts to fix shoes and heels. when shooting the Kyrgyz paws, when taking the skin, the paws peel off to the very hoof, long paws are obtained, which is heavier than the raw material, and as the paw or the skin of your legs, when opened, cannot be used for cutting the shafts, because it is already lower, already then again she enters the flap. All this is taken together, and gives the above results, i.e. a horse of the Kyrgyz cut was issued of the same length and width, to give a cut 20-30 k. less than the Russian cut. In addition, some Kyrgyz and Tatars, before drying, raw salted goods are slightly. If you pour heavily salt over the paired skin and put it in a pile for 2-3 days, almost all the salt enters the skin, and the blood and natural moisture of the skin are removed. After 3 days, the skin loosens to dry on a pole in the sun and hang a littlefourTOand indP_______413_______ days, then a dry koi for drying gets it with a white salty bakhtarkha and such skin when selling raw materials costs 2/2 - 2 rubles a pound cheaper, because it has salt from 1 to 2 pounds in kakdo skin.Some Kyrgyz manage to salt the tuzlukom, i.e. You pour large chunks of salt, fill it with water. When saltit will bloom, put the skin for a day at a salty time, salt or ace onion. Skin absorb a little salt; the next day, hang it also on poles in the sun. After drying the tightly skinned skin, the bakhtarm almost does not change, dark cinnamon remains nevo, but sometimes the white spots in the salt appear on the groin. In order to disguise this, experienced traders had turpentine stains smeared with turpentine. Or keroseneӣ, and sometimes the whole colka is a little bit about Turpentine turpentineѣ, and brushing wool with a brush will sprinkle it with turpentine or kerosene emg. 2 All this increases the entire skin from 1/4 F. to 3/4 F. - Bİ average half a pound. Not only the second buyer almost didn’t die, but when he heard the smell, ask the seller what the ace of turpentine and turpentine were for. Seller explain that 313 c. protection from moths, only blue wool is sprayed. Forcing evidence to smell with nerst; real one But smelling on both sides. Salt and turpentine do not impair the quality of the skin, and indeed protect it. Ot mole and Ot domin in the face. So, if half a pound in skin will give an extra weight, i.e. 20 kopecks. hit the raw materials, then protect the OP moths and moles by 10-20 kopecks. Therefore, the buyers have well-tinned tusluzhennuyu skin and it’s well, properly dried, buying one hundred percent, buyers often appreciate the same way. fresh dry.But the raw materials of the Kyrgyz boyka, sellers tried more aboutLittl?_______414_______onegive to the account. All breeders are accustomed to this and only for themselves determined the average total number of parties. For me, it was a long time when shopping the most difficult and big mystery, like a ki Nazarovѣ is determined, almost without looking. Skaset, who has 18 pounds, who has 17 I / 2, and some have up to nineteen pounds. It turns out that he had a hard time because of the reduction of his practice and the great deal of publicity, not only of the goods sold, but also of his knowledge of all the sellers and who of them how to buy raw materials on the ground. Siberian raw materials are considered to be in. doubles total weight 45 s. and leave it with a dry weight of 18 F. When sorting it turns out the following: a merchant, when, at the place, they themselves buy from the slaughterers - butchers, then from 35 b. and up to 52-55 p. put in the 1st grade, then you have him go raw 45 r. in layering. Less than 35 are rejected in the 2nd grade, and more than 55 F. should be put for a bull-calf.Some people like to pick up a batch of 48 bp, so that at least nineteen pounds of dry matter come out, for example, Biryushev, br. The Burnashevs, Gubaidulin, Shabez, but they always sell at a price of 20-25 for sales on a count. But they also, when buying slaughterers of butchers, themselves pay the other 10-20 k., But set their own conditions: that I must take grade I from 40 r. up to 55 r .; in the 2nd grade from ӣ 30 to 39 f., and BE the sole of the bovine - From 56 to 70 f. Ph.D. With the flow of 25 30 years annually coming to Irbit, Tyumen and the Nizhny Novgorod Fair, with all and selves it seems to him not to sell raw materials to him, but everyone considers it obligatory to see him at the fair, if only just to come in, to make a visit, or a seagull to drink. But the majority needed to go to him with their own: who.EG ".•tKA_______415_______ to ask to assist in the bank to take into account the bills presented for accounting, because E.I. Nazarov is a member of the accounting committee in all banks of the fair branches. Who sprags. the creditworthiness of a person who is a breeder who sells raw materials from him, and who simply ask them to help them buy some intended party, and a seller who has not yet seen. Nazaro wash, rests, do not sell. If someone has not yet had time to visit Nazarov, and wherever or got up with him, then Nazarov asked: “When you have a drink. That you don’t come to drink tea, it’s fun to be rich, or be proud of steel, bypassing Iga, the old man.” The last apologizes that he didn’t succeed, he just arrived, he will definitely come in today. K.I. Fiazarov of each of his followers will carefully listen to him, give him the exact information or help what to ask. Potoa builds for his sanctioned home: how Vasya had winter harvesting of raw materials. How much was about everything. Who and for yours or other merchants how many have collected lots approximately. How much they bought. Who sorted what value. and so on. Each blessing Vanya Nazarov about his and his region to inform him of the very heart of the word, to lie not to dare. To come the 2nd and 3rd from the same area, they will ask you all the time and find out for themselves already in Irbitѣ how many people will bring the raw materials to the city of Tyumen and what quality.It is possible that for memory, write everything down to a memorial book. In this way, it was obtained by K. Nazarov that there was the greatest awareness of the quantity and quality of the party. But he and ethyl did not abuse, knowing that bidding a commodity was cheap, at a price of 4 rubles 50k., And at the fairtightP.Fri -_______416_______ the established sales price of 5.50. They will never tell the seller: "Give in to my friend or my friend that you and still have a lot of benefits, on the contrary, he will say:" Use the opportunity, managed to buy a good party at the time, don’t call it, take the fair price. Well, your happiness, everyone for that "works to earn something, and when there are failures and losses, no one will add to him.".When I got acquainted with all the tactics of advance information about assembling on the place, and mainly, looking at the sellers, I realized who sorted what sorting when assembling the raw materials, then it became much easier and more accurate to evaluate the raw materials during purchases..ABOUT-0-0-0-- () --0-0_______417_______CHAPTER 5.My family life and personal affairs.I turn to the memoirs about home devices and family life.After the death of the grandfather Fedor Tim. As I wrote above, I am a father. and mother and her family settled down to live in the old. the house is below, and grandmother Olga Pavlovna with her sons Stepan and the rest is in the same house above. So, our life continued in the old house for five years. During this time we, i.e. Alexander and Pavel Fed., Began to build a new house at the corner. the streets and tracts of the street, on the spot where the pride was, Timofe An Fimovich, there were brick sheds and stone barn for bread for the ears, In the first year of construction of our house the construction of the church in our country was finished, the prices for building materials were raised, bought without rushing, because per house, according to the calculation of the architect and the masons, it will take from 100 to 120 thousand bricks, no more. Values ​​then existed at 10 pounds. burnt brick up to 10 rubles. for a thousand. II pound. 1 rub each tes a thousand and up to 15 pounds. 15 rubles each thousand, / i.e. for a ruble for 1,000 rubles / it was only necessary to make sure that the brick was well burned, rang the bell, and most importantly, that there was absolutely no burned brick, the burial ground was called the Ukirip Searcher Monk. It was easy to distinguish him in appearance even to an inexperienced consumer. When buying, it was stipulated that every morning, it would be better to develop when to bring a batch of 5-10 wagons. Cyril icha, the carriages would not stack bricks of carts, but would come for the ownerѣ. In the course of 2-3 months we are. every morning at 5 or 6 o’clock, got up, put on a large boots_______418_______and alternately either I, or Apollinariya Alekseevna, went out onto the path and stood for 1-2 hours, watching how the bricks were laid out. If black came across by chance, their garbage would fall into the snow, or the carriage would be taken back. In winter we also prepared quarry stone for the foundation, lime and wood - logs and wood for construction during construction. In the spring, the masons of Nizhny Novgorod contractor Tyurin began to lay brickwork, 4.50 thousand in each. They lodged with the Rusanovs, the house of Kozma Ivanovich Rusanov. Every day we went with our wife and father to the building and climbed the forest to the top, making sure that we put better burnt brick on the front side, and lose weight inside, and, most importantly, to pour more lime. The plan was drawn by an architect. The Druzhinins and they themselves approved in the Provincial Construction Division; Druzhinin took only one hundred rubles for the plan.When we began to prepare more for the construction of the house, Ilya Timofeevich was still very friendly and suggested: “Let me draw you plans without any architect and don’t.” I told him: "Yes, uncle, we have already made a plan for Druzhinin and approved whether you want to look." They looked and said for a long time: "It is good, but the windows are large and the rooms are high, it will be bad to twitch warmly, a lot of wood will go for fuel." But that’s over. When the walls were already built up under the roof, the house seemed very high, especially if you looked from under the mountains, because the building was in a slope and the basement was on the lower side, from the courtyard, came out almost the entire floor. : inside there is a fathom of height, so there are three full womenN.g.AET._______419_______ Once. I walk past the Parfenovichi’s house built in an old houseѣ. I knock on the window grandmother Agniya Maximovna / widow Parfen Timofeevich /, ask to go. I went in, almost completely greeting me asking what I called for. The old woman is a personal couple, talking badly, lisping. “Look at that, Petrushka, I want to say to you: you’re building a great house in vain. It’s better to build a small one just for yourself. For that you’re such a big one, you’re the only son from your father and mother, but uncle can Pavel to live in Moscow, go ahead and scrawl: you built such a big one, take it yourself, and I’ll take the money in return, I don’t need much money in Moscow. If you have some money, go to Moscow again, and you with a big house, and you’ll be left without money .. What will you do then. Remember me then, old woman. " I started, it was, to prove to her that we are Paul. by agreement, we are building together, and this house is no larger than our diligent house, which we are with. Pavels, too, by agreement agreed to step aside for a certain amount of money to Stepan’s younger brothers, and all of this is framed in a written agreement for Agniya Maksimovna to say: "I understand your written agreements poorly, but from experience it’s a sign that two BE owners do not live together "Sooner or later they disperse. So it’s better to build two small houses at once, but mine was just to say the same, but whatever you like, do it, my part is". I see whether it is useless to argue or convince her. To thank her for her advice and wishes, but unfortunately, the house is almost being built up and impossible to change.The brickwork is over. According to conventional wisdom, in winter the walls stood and froze, and in the spring_______420_______a brittle building, that is, an inside ridge: overruns, bulkheads, floors, stairs, doors, windows, and to the yard ѣ construction of barns ’, livestock yards and stables. They dug a deck in the courtyard, the land was leveled into a courtyard, i.e. all the holes fell asleep, remaining from the development of brick pradѣdom. For these pits, they also brought from a dug well to the courtyard at the house for church clergy and even this land was not enough, then we transported sand and carts from our lane. 200 or 300, and there, where they took sand, pits were formed, we covered them with a burnt-up hollow, which was located next to these pits on the outskirts of the forest and lay a huge mountain.For laying the stoves, Pavel F. bought at the Nizhny Novgorod fair from handicraftsmen peasants of the Nizhny Novgorod district a tile of medium quality, and sent it with a towing boat and Bulychev's steamers, so that they were inexpensive. But at that time, not only Nashi Velyak, but even Vyatka, almost no tiled stoves. If it was, it was possible to be in 4-5 houses, not bigger, and therefore brought by us, although the bad brick is tiled, butsurprised many ..At the same time, when I went through Perm through Tyumen, I saw in Perm, in the expandable train station for Perm, from the Lassovskoy railway station, BE of the station annexe, lay masonry stoves and put in a new iron cast-iron screen with bushings and carefully polished dampers, so that the air will not pass and the heat will be well kept. The letters are cast on the damper: І.К .. D. / designates: Perm-Kotlas railway. I turned to the mastersѣ: where the shutters were made. They kindly reported that in Perm, at the factory,_______421_______ by the Hun Foundry. Sorokin, and given the address. So as to wait until the train there was still a few hours left, I took the cab and went to the backwaters, got acquainted with the manager, asked: can they take our private small order ѣ 8 or 10 pcs. and with the inscription "Wahrushev". They denied that they would make it at a certain time and set a price, on condition that they issue a deposit - half when ordering, and the rest when sending from the plant. They explained that with. Your last name without deposit to accept the order. countingeat uncomfortable B.Come home, I talked about everything with Paul. F. and smiling dad. Immediately sent to Perm Sorokin at the order and for dates approx. In the specified time. they made, and by spring, through the Bulychev shipping company, the dampers were delivered to us. At the same time, two stove masters, hired by Pavel, arrived from the Nizhny Novgorod governorate. Fed. on someone’s recommendation that thesespecial stove specialists lay very hot stoves, p. cast iron stoves inside. Having seen the glands prepared according to the style.dear damper, they were delighted and confirmed that they would arrange such a furnace that there would not be so many hot in the whole Vyatka. The latter did not come true at all, although the stoves were decent, but according to their stories, we expected better, i.e. hotter.The carpenters, the contractor who made it with us for the detachment, gave the wooden to the house, at the agreed time everything was done and not expensive, the initial construction of the barns was completed and the filling was finished. He was taken to a hot detachment to the Sloboda hospital, they didn’t inspect him there, he left the toilet and drank a bottle of Carboust wine from his bottle and died immediately in the hospital._______422_______row. 2-3 weeks work, to see that there is not enough money to pay out, there is a big loss, it’s blocked and saved. We had to calculate his carpenter's day laborer by ourselves and continue to build by the day already, under the supervision of the senior foreman carpenter. Iron for the roof of the house and barns вы you bought Vyatka ть the merchant of iron. Maslennikova. The paint was written green - malachite. from. Ural, from ѣ Demidov. Glass for mirrored windows, window and door appliances, water closet accessories, washbasins, mirrors, Viennese furniture - all this was bought by Pavel F.V. Moskv to his liking. Water supply Vyatskiy plumber Simonov. They stuccoed in the house ѣ Nikulitsky plasterers, as well as those who plastered in the church. But for us, we wanted to make moldings in the ceilings with molded flowers. To do this, we asked for specially-cut flowers for boards from -. livas from alabaster are flowering, already prepared by Ivan Sergeyevich Zhilin, the remains of his construction. In 2-3 years, painting and ceiling you made a new home with us. Vyatskiy malaria Smorkalov, for 1000 rubles. Oak pairs kettle floors of different patternsѣ made a peasant of the Vyatka governor of the village of Fileyskago, a parquet. Shubin. Window frames and doors according to drawings sent by Paul. F. from Moscow, Dulal Vyatka Moscchanin CE Khlynovka, Palkin.The entire construction of the house to us. It cost about twenty thousand rubles, and in the old house we lost our part for 2,000 rubles, that is, we took 4000 rubles from the house for construction, therefore, over the course of five years, we had to spend 16,000 rubles to build the house, that is, 8000 per piece.In the first year of the construction of our house, we’ve seen an old housedІ_______423_______ prіkhkhal Ilya Mikhailovich Lytkin, about his strength to go to Ilѣ Timofeevich, introduce him to the family of Ilya Tim., and most importantly, to his daughter Anna Ilyin ishnoy. At that time, who had looked after Anna Ilyina vina, Glazovskiy Mikhail Datvѣevich, hell, the daughter of Ivan Timofeyevich, Elizaveta Ivanovna, was seized. , Nas eat by Ilya M. Lytkin at Ilya Timof. received very kindly, and after 5-6 visits over the course of two weeks, an official speech was held officially for Anna Ilyinishna for Ilya M. Lytkin. But the wedding so far, neither one nor the other was - lasted six months. Then the parties were upset and new engagements and weddings quickly took place: Anna Ilyin Ishna married M.M. Stolbova, and Yliva Veta Yves. married Ilya M. Lytkin in Slobodskaya. From this moment on, enmity began between the brothers Ivan. Tim. and Ilya Tim. Wa khrushevye.In the old house, in February February, 1892, our daughter Olga was born, a year and a half later, on May 18, 1893, the son Nikolai was born, and a year and a half later, in the oldѣhe. house, December 1894, daughter Valentina was born. As we were home, we married my second sister, Anna Aleksan drovna, to the village of Uspenskoye / Prechistoe /, for Vladimir Sergievich Zhilin, in 1892, the year of October Revolution.Although at this time we have. in the village, the church was already built up and divine services were carried out by the priests of the past, but there were no church books until you were officially opened, therefore we were still registered as the parishioners of the village of Savior-Savior / Savior and all our newborns. Vakhrushev families were baptized either in the village of Spassky or Spassky. a priest who has come home to us. My children: Evgeniya,tthose,. ..._______424_______ Vikentіy, Olga and Nikolai were baptized in their home ѣ Spasskin priest and the books of the Savior # Podgurshinsky church were written down, and therefore, before learning them, they had to take metrics from the church of the Savior-Podgurshenskaya, as well as at the time of issuing the deputy daughters and the marriage of the eldest sons , all documents were taken from the village of Spasskago. Valentin’s daughter and all our children were already baptized at our place by a priest - the abbot of our newly consecrated church in 1893, father Nicholas. Volunteer to speak, all the books of the church are recorded in our church in the village of Voznesensko-Vakhrusheva.The consecration of our church was carried out by His Grace, Archbishop. Vyatka and Slobodsko. At the time of their consecration, there was a dedication of the San Deacon’s young, just graduated from seven people, student, father Nikander / last name I do not remember. At the same time, an incident occurred. His Grace Sergiy did not like the priests to wear glasses with him, especially during the Bo public service, and the new deacon, Father Nikander, was shortsighted; although he was warned that the bishop forbade him to wear glasses during the service, but apparently, Father Nikandr scored this, and after the dedication of the deacon, he immediately put on his glasses during the service. Then Bishop Sergius, during the service of God, scattered and declared to Father Nikander: "For failure to fulfill the burden of the Diocese of the Archbishop, I am appointing you a punishment of 40 days in the monastery. Tomorrow also go to Vyatka, in. Three Vonovsky Monastery." Father Nikandr grabbed glasses at the Kar Man and said: "I am listening, Your Grace." All this incident overshadowed the mood. Especially the builders of the templeELma._______425_______ After the consecration of the temple, the past was shared at the churchwarden Ilya Tim. Vakhrusheva. At the end of the meeting, for fasting, or when toasts were officially announced for the Most Reverend Sergius, for the builders of the church, for the rector and clergy, for all the congregation and guests, then the two senior builders stand up, and Ivan Timo feevich appeals to the Most Reverend respectfully to shift nests to mercy and mark today'sthe day is only a joy to all who attended the celebrations - the consecration of the temple, and to remove from all this dark spot that overshadowed all the builders of the temple, and all the parishioners - imposing punishment or penance on our future father, deacon, who is not very old , and not out of malice, Your Grace upset. During this time, got up on his feet and a new lady horse. Then His Grace Sergiy was already in a good mood, turned to Deacon Nikandr and said: “Pray to God that there are also good intercessors for You. I can’t refuse such old men, break their good souls, forgive you, but be careful beforehand "all disposition of the authorities, zeal for the duties of church services and respectful to the elders."Soon after the consecration of the temple between Ivan Tim. and Ilya Tim. There was a great deal of troubles because of Stolbov - Glazovsk, who captured Ivan Timofeevich’s daughter Elizabeth Ivan., and then refused and married the daughter of Ilya Tim., Annѣ Ilya Nishnѣ. All of this is described in detail above.Ivan Tim. before that, he bought in the town of Slobodsky, in the Slobodsk Demyank, the house and the tannery of his godfather Alekлек Alexeyevich Ҳlybov — rather, they borrowed from him, andsya_______426_______ moved with his wife and child and sons to the Demyanka c. new home. In the village of Voznesensko-Vakhrushev, his eldest son, Ivan Ivanovich and his wife Alexandra Andreevna, remained to live, and the second son of Ivan T., Mikhail Ivanovich and his wife Olga Dmi, then lived in Moscow. I have reported above that Ivan Ivanovich’s wife, Alexander Andreevna’s daughter, and Avochka’s daughter died from it. Avochka was buried on 11 weeks, and Alexander Andreevna was brought to bury at a church in our village. The church was still unfinished, come not officially open. I had to invite for the funeral and burial of the priest from the village of Spasskago, the father of Konstantin Selivanovskago. It’s the same thing that has done shrieking. Passing through our village daily, performing a liturgy in the basement of the church and memorial service for the graves of Alexandra Andreevna. His wife Aleksandra Vasilyevna Selivanovskaya and her friend from the gymnasium, the second daughter of Slobodsky police officer ІІa sonkova, almost daily hit the priest.There were rumors then that the attack did closer to introduce his girlfriend to a young man, Alexander. Ivanovich Vakhrushevѣ and marry them as far as it was shameful, remained unjust. But as a result, it turned out that Aleksandr Iva had left the newcomer for military service as a freeloader and had later retired as a warrant officer of the reserve, and did not marry until thirty. And Ivan Ivanovich, at the end of the fortieth birthday, made a proposal to Nadezhda Pavlovna Pasynkova and married her in autumn. The wedding was celebrated at Demyanka and ended in the Demian church, but the clergyman was the priest. Selivanovskifi.Pavel Petrovich. Stepson, before transferring to Slobodskaya inYr l..T._______427_______ the post of a police officer, three years ago the Vyatka police chief under the governor Keldin Berg. V. Slobodskoy before Pasynks va was a police officer Mikhail Gustavovich Sunstrem, a relative. Vishnikov’s hand, my father-in-law, for Sunstrem’s sister, Narya Gustavovna, was at the price of Nikanor Aleksandrovich Rukavishnikov, serve Moisture BE Elabug as a senior excise official.I'm with my father-in-law Alex. Al Rukavishnikovӣ former BE visiting a police officer m. Sustrem at the cottage by Ilya Peter, Fofonova, when the Sustrem family lived at Fofonov’s cottage BE separately Olѣ outbuilding. At that time, it was considered a great honor to visit a hostel of the local police officer, and it was also considered a great honor to host a police officer, as the main honorary guests were considered to be: parish priest, clergyman and psalm-goer, volost clerk and foreman and patron, and in rare cases, a bailiff. But even with our grandfather Fedor Timofeevich, the officer you are relegated to the background, for the old bailiff was the guest, like a petting breeder and a zemstvos vowel. The policemen began to touch the blia and contact from the market only from the time of service in Slobodsky. N.G. Sunstrom, and the following police officers, starting their service in Slobodsky, were already considered a duty. go to the village of Vakhrushevo and all the other faithful breeders. Vakhrushev was sent visits and accepted for himself a return visit.Under Sunstrom, in 1890, the institute of zemstvo commanders was introduced throughout Russia. On the recommendation of the servicemen, the first zemstvo chiefs were also recruited to the governors. I remember the first zemstvo chief in the 1st section was the appointment of the former assistant police officer Kit Yashin. Gilles on in the wing of the house_______428_______Valentin Petrovich Kurshakov / this is the grandson of the daughter of a bell of a foundry breeder Vakulev, you have to be born in Kotelnich, and after the death of your father and daughter who passed over to Slobodskaya and continued to work for the first time. Tityashin was with a secondary education, Sel sezenev was a zemstvo chief Pavel Nikolaevich Le Vashev, also a former assistant to the police officer, with a secondary education. I was neither, especially my wife Yuliya Mikhailovna Levashova, I knew him before I was appointed to the overalls, I met Vyatka visiting Olga Pavlovna when I happened to be with him. The Rukavishnikovs are a guest of her, and withYu.M. Levashov played in preference. At that time, it was customary for everyone to take advantage of the game in preference, even in clubs in the cities, older men and women played preference, but only the young people danced. When the Levashovs moved to Sezenevo to the post of zemstvo chief, they had two daughters, and there were no sons.Our acquaintance, Frol Petrovich lѣsnikov, served at that | the time of the Zemsky vowels in the Slobodsky zemstvos, optionally from the Sloboda volost society. Following the death of one member of the Zemstvo council, at the heightened request of the chairman of the Zemstvo government, Pyotr Petrovich Bulgakov, personally witnessed the father-in-law’s father-in-law, ІPavlu Vas. Rylov; to persuade me to take control of my son-in-law so that he agrees to serve a year or a half, in return for the deceased peasant, a member of the council, - the last test of the father-in-law and persuading the lender, urgent. Zemsky assembly. Frol II. 1 ѣ The source was elected by Slobodsky Zemsky ME members and served for a year and a half, and then not only from the members of the council, but from the vowels. InGETHOSE_______429_______while serving as a member of the governing body, Lіsnikov was appointed zemstvo over the district, where he served P.N. Levashov, often recognized as Sezenevsk Levanov, got into school girls, especially loved the younger one - Nina Pavlovna. At the end, she was extolled for Nikolai Pavlovich Rylov / brother of his wife Frol P.Tѣsni - kova, Yekaterina Pavlovna /.The third Zemsky chief in the Sokolovka plant was the teacher of the Sloboda female gymnasium, Alexander Fedorovich Naukov, with a higher education. For some reason, when he lived at BE Slobodsky as a teacher, his students did not like and everyone laughed at them, and all the townspeople were surprised that such a plain-looking teacher, A.F. Naumov, made such an appointment, it seemed, an enviable place. for the teachers then received 50 or 60 rubles. one month, and the Zemsky chiefs were the first - the initial salary of 2000 rubles was set. in year. and 800 rubles each. on the cuts and on the office, which then was considered by cuts! very enviable, official bureaucracy, position. In my youth and naivety, I also joined Slobozhan’s opinion that the Sunstrom is not lucky - I recommend Naumov to the zemstvo chiefs. When I visited Fodonov’s dacha at the police officer Sunstrem, he told him that everyone was surprised that AF was appointed. Naumova - really nothing better was found. M.G. Sunstrem rejects: “Yes, I hear from many Slobozhany and ask:“ He is bad. It is better to have none of those appointed, for he is the only zemstvo head in Slobodsky with a higher education, and Naumov should have been worthy before the co-workers of the sezda of zemstvo commanders, but still young and young, and, in time, will be the forerunner of communication, if not to crossG "t_______430_______ for the best position. Soonѣ N.G. Sunstrom has been elevated. transferred from Slobodsky to another province, and I no longer saw him and lost his trace.After him, as I have already reported, he was enforced. v Slobodsky bridle P.I. Pasynkov, and his daughter, Nadezhda Pavlovna, at the gymnasium, an ex-girlfriend of the poet A. Selivanovskaya, on the occasion of the Pasynkovs ’Slobodskoy resumed acquaintance with her friend" And through them they got to know and make friends a police officer. Pasynkov. With the priest: rural, father E. Selivanovsky m, and through it friendship began with the villagers of Spasskago, a rich musician , Frol. P.Lѣsnikov’s wife. Pasynko, you together with the priest often visited the lѣsnikovs, where I also continued with ЕLѣsnikov Е friendship and mutual friendship and friendshipwife.Then, during the forty-second mouth by Alexanderѣ Andreevnaѣ Vakhr nee Brovtsyna /, the II Asynkovs met, and then they became related with Ivan. Ivanovich. Vakhrushev. So our friendship continued. The Pasynkovs and the family of the priest Seliv in New Year two. After the daughter of the police officer Pasnnkov married the wealthy peasant, Ivan Ivan Vakhrushev, while Slobodskoy, various gossip couples began to confuse that the noblewoman had married the peasant, they also added that she took revenge for the young - for Alexander Ivanovich, widower, for Ivan Ivanovich. All of these came to the ears of the police officer, they were a guest of the priest Father O. Selivanovskago and insulted you, in the presence of the Lisnikovs, that these rumors arose, apparently, from the Bakhrushevs family. Popadya A.V. Selivanovskaya supported that she too has the same opinion and suggests that this, probably, such a rumor went from the house of Peter Alexandrovichoneoneone_______431_______ Vakhrusheva, because they most of all saw and more often met with us when we visited the magpie in the village of Vakhrushev. The Lsnikovs, continuing friendship with us, and in particular having made friends with us through the Khilins when Vladimi r S. Zhilini married my sister, Anna Alexandrovna Vakhrusheva /, cautioned that A.V. Selivanovskaya is a gossip: be careful with her, and her conversations with the police commander gave us details. P.P. Pasyn Kovym. At this moment we stopped friendship and guest with. Pa sonkovskih and selivanovskimi, but at the same time, we already had our consecrated church and open our parish, being rector, father. By Nicholas. Dobrovolskyѣ. Soon after the founding gossip, Selivanovskie invite us to a birthday party, send a closed letter to the church watchman with an inviting message. The watchman was a local peasant, undeveloped, illiterate and silly. Call the guard to us, send a bunch of letters and say: "Vibirai, which is for you, this is the Savior. I looked at the letter, I see that there is a lot, N.P. Rylov, F.II. Tѣsnikov, P.P. Pasyn - to Kov, I.I. Vakhrushev and others. I give the guard all the letters back and say that we are not here and take the letter back. A hundred rye is surprised: “you won’t go away. You can refuse and don’t go to the priest, if you call me,” I say that we have time, we can’t go to all times, moreover, we have our own favor. now it is. A guard, obhag spread all the letters, bring ours back and hand over the mat to us, saying that I did not accept this letter, and said that we have our good. The Selivanovskys were disappointed, mainly, because they didn’t accept the letter, could accept, read and throw it in the oven and not:_______432_______if you don’t want to continue our friendship. And now, of course, the watchman throughout the parish will once again say, and even with his stupid conclusions. All these attacks were voiced the same evening by the Lsnikovs, and they told her that the Khrushevs would be offended, apparently, against Vasya because you attributed the rumored Pasynovs to him at the expense of taking care of Pasyn Kovykh for Alex. Willow Later, of course, everything became known to us through the Lisnikovs, and soon afterwards, from the village of Spasskago, father Konstantin Selivanovskii was transferred to the abbot from the other village of Kotelnichesky district of the Vyatka province. Pasynkov, for a short time, remained a police officer in Slobodsky, but with Vakhrushi, apart from Ivan Timofeevich and his family, not a single friendLIVING.In the autumn of 1893 in Slobodsky. the tannery breeder went bankrupt. Ilya PetrovichFofonov. His house was Slobodsky on Glazovskaya street, next to a large house. B.I. Anchukova, and the backwater of I.P. Fofonov was on Demyanka, on Millionnaya street. It was the oldest factory. on Demyank, belonging to his daddy, Ivan Lavrentievich fofonov. The first creditors to protest promissory notes against Ilya Petrovich Fofonov were former Head of Merchants, Mat Voy Ivanovich Stolbov. His son, Mikhail Matvievich Stolbov, immediately after the protest of bills of protest was hal. I took Glazov on horseback along the first winter path BE Slobodskaya, with his own Glazovsky lawyer. They turned to Il'f P. Fofonov to offer to pay at least half or a third of their own free will, and to transfer the rest of the bills with delay. Ilya P. Vsfotov did not want to talk with them, rudely seemed. Mikhail Pillar already consisted of the son-in-law of Ilya Tim.P....I AM)_______433_______Vakhrusheva. On the advice of the father-in-law, he immediately got into the Vyatka District. Courtѣ writ of execution. The pillar with his lawyer Tom hoped to influence Ilya I. Fofonov, on the moral side, began to describe his property on his property. BE! cabinetѣ, on standѣ, hang the port of dad, i.e. Ivan Lavrentier vich photon. Wax seal was imposed on each described item, all were evaluated very cheaply, starting with 1-2 kopecks. When they stamped the portrait of Dada, having evaluated. to spoil the box with 2 kopecks, Ilya P. pulled out somewhere to spoil the grandmothers and said that “print the old women there too, because I doubt that anyone can buy one to spoil for 2 kopecks - it could be 2 for a couple -3 kopecks. " In a word, I sent a ridicule to a nadi lawyer and put my ancestors on my face. Then, the lawyer told the bailiff that he would see that the debt would not be covered from the move of the household property, therefore you required a description of the leather goods from the factory to production. The entire amount of Stolbov’s claims was 5,000 rubles. About five thousand leather were produced at the factory. The bailiff, on the basis of the writ of execution issued from the Vyatka District Court, immediately described all these goats in the proceedings, according to the sentence, because part was in ash, part was “cleaned up”, and more than half were in tannins. Purchase value: raw materials are purchased at a price of about five rubles per leather. Inventory to them. was sent at the insistence of a lawyer for a ruble for the skin. Since part of the skin could, with an inappropriate or careless trick, ruin it. And if everything turns out to be good, then at the auction, buy some special sheets to understand and fill in the price, raise it to the correct one hundredproperty. Bail, describe, immediately, at the request of Glazovsk_______434_______Go to the Vyatka District Court with your own motivation that the product is described in semi-production of ashes and vats. Further processing of the described skin is not performed. Neither the owner nor the workers are allowed to the goods, in the avoidance of intentional damage.D. 4. Stake immediately you’ve gone to Vyatka and exhaust hoist, including perishable goods in semi-production ’, do not slowly sell it all in three days. The next day, Vyatka’s BE. The district court announced the sale of leather in the factory of Ilya p. Fofonov in Slobodsky on Demyank, p. 11y great sale. The same announcements were made throughout the city of Slobodsky and the breeders. The settlement was sent from the court, at the request of the Glazovsky lawyer, official information about the sale of the goat.when our company "Fedorovich" received such an agenda, would you be surprised that it was very cheaply valued at I rub. for the skin. Knowing that Ilya sh. Fofonov themselves bought a lot more expensive, it could not deliberately spoil everything. I'm with Stepan. started to argue: is it worth it if we go to look at the auction. If together you fuck it - they will fill in two, and then it is profitable to buy; but we need a personal day of up to ten thousand rubles, and we have nothing.I suggested to Stepan: on the day of the bidding, let's go to Slobodskaya early, check in with Zakhar Andreyevich ІІlatunov, they asked him for a loan of five thousand, and if you didn’t give it, we would ask m. Vorobyov or M.V. Lytkin. In the announcement it was said that those who wish to bargain must submit a pledge of 1,500 rubles each. each, and if there remains a purchase for him, must pay the full three days. If no one comes, then we two_______435_______ add 1,500 rubles each. and all for 5000 or 500 p. buy on the day of Guy Z.A. Platunov. And if there are more competitors, we will bargain a bit and refuse. If you trade us and return the pledges, we will return them to Platunov without risking anything. We were cut that Z.A. Pay again not to refuse to give you loans if he has money at home with him. Because we used to have a long time with him. In any case, before taking it home, I took thousands of white sheets of paper with meat twenty.Wa 7 or 7 I / 2 hours. in the morning we arrived at Slobodskaya. !! ara zin3. A. Platunova is still locked. We see up to him that he has fire to burn lamps - to burn - which means he no longer sleeps. They called on the front door, he got to him. The old man himself unlocked the door, invited us to the office, listened to something. I sent for the elder. son, Nikolai Zakharovichѣ. Talk with your son, they both said that they would give us pleasure with pleasure. 5,000 or 6,000 rubles., For I consider it advisable to help us not undo the case, let it be used. We were asked: how much money is needed: aboutcentral paper or credit money, or gray. Finally, this general council came to the conclusion that it is best 4 "about centered hundred-ruble notes with seryami. For they then went everywhere on an equal footing with credit cards, and peasants, even peasants, took seryi willingly. And in the end, Zakhar André said: I_latov that if you don’t immediately return the deposit, you can go to court, delay for a month or two, there will be no loss either to you or you - 10 coupon interest will be left in our favor in the future. Bills are with us. Z.A. They didn’t take the plateau again, saying that if you buy skin, then on the way back aѣdete,FROMІ_______436_______ write bills, and if you do not buy leather, then today, heh, you will return the money, because for 3-4 hours to dirty bill paper. not worth it. I took it for 6000 rubles. temporary note on plain paperѣ.We went to the backwater of Ilya P. Fofonov at 8 o’clock. in the morning. At the same time, a police officer supervised the police, Nikolai Ilyich Vakhrushev and Stepan. Maksimovich. Morning bi-bi semi-craftsman, tanneries from the village of Volkova, M.M. Pill with your lawyer, and finally arrive Ai Hail Konstantinovich. Fofonov / son-in-law of K.I. Nazarov /, hivshі na - Demyank, against the church, very near Fofonovskwater. Bidding was announced by I appointed at 9 o’clock. in the morning, but to inspect the product should be accelerated, according to the same announcement, from 8 to 9 hours. mornings on the day of bargaining. During the course of an hour it is impossible to inspect all five thousand leathers in a chanakh and in ash-houses. But we all wanted to take advantage of the legal right of inspection. Did the former and Ilya P. Fofonov take the workers and their heaps, and from 5–6 vans they threw out 40–50 leather. Also, from several "ashmen" pulled koya "at 20-30. It is impossible to accurately determine the size or raw skin of the skin - accidentally, in one chanch, get on top of small ones, and go larger in lower, and vice versa. But the main thing is that only we were convinced that the spoiled skin was intentionally, or by negligence, in production. At quarter past nine we arrived at home. Ilya 11. Fofonova,: located at the factory. The bailiff put lists of people willing to bargain, accepted and recorded from each 1,500 rubles. deposit. I-nd vnesh.k.Fofonov, zatt. Metro Nikolai Il.Vahru Chevy, Stepan F. Vakhrushev, Peter Al.Vakhrushev and, finally, Stepan Makѣ. Utrobin | for Utrobin was a friend. Ilya T. Vakhrushe.._______437_______ wa, he signed friendly bills to him, just like our father Anempod G. Fofonovi, and therefore Ilya Tim. It is advisable to take Max for bidding. Utopine in the event that no one appears on the outside, • the bailiff, so as not to complete the bidding that did not take place with the one buyer who appeared. Nikolay Ilyich. A cЕ Morning by biin will nevertheless be two and five, all for 500 rubles, i.e. thought the same way we did with Stepan. F. and Nikolai Ilyich pay a deposit of 1,500 rubles for the womb. 10 minutes before 9 we talked to all 5 people who were bargaining that we shouldn’t be worth the price - give all five of us together for 5 I / 2 tons or for 6,000 rubles. and then divided the goods into all. Mic.Const. Fon fonov said that they did not want to prolong, but they wanted to buy everything, and the rest were offered at a thousand rubles. compensation At this time, the wall clock struck 9 hours. We all, without agreeing among ourselves, went to the hall, where the bailiff was sitting at the lyceum overseers. When we entered the hall, put the whole thing upon you and announced that bargaining starts at five thousand rubles. They began to add one by one. 100-200 rubles each. Quickly up to 6200 rubles. One of us, declaring to the bailiff: "Allow, without interrupting the bargaining, to go out for one or two minutes into the back room - to calculate and figure out at what price the skin bought by us can go and how much each of us can bargain for." Bother me for a little while I talked for half a year with the police overseers, they said that no more than five minutes can be counted here, or in the next room, and they can wait without taking off the chain. Yes out. One of usdrawn by Mich.Kon. Fofonov: "In that we’ll gain a price, do Ilѣ Iletr. Fofonov, and it’s possible that we’ll get a better pricePone_______438_______five rubles - not a single one of us will take advantage. You offered us 1000 rubles each, so you bought it. for 6,000 rubles., would be better for 2 rubles. apiece: It’s unthinkable. If you want to buy, take 4 rubles each, the difference is divided by five, including the number and you get equal to us for the 11th part, and on top of that, if you later resell the skin to anyone more than four - this is your happiness, then you still have “surplus our share”. MK Fofonov agreed without hesitation. We asked him to sign bills of exchange for 1,500 rubles each on Thursdays, and if more than a thousand and a half in Kandago get more or less difference, then this is a word , after trading, must accurately calculate and settle personal and money. I. Foso they quickly signed up for me having lost 4 sheets of bill paper of 1,500 rubles each and handed out to us all traders. We five returned to the hall. The police overseer said: “Very neatly: exactly five minutes. counted. "The bailiff began to continue bidding. Everyone began to add 1 or 2 rubles and gradually, one by one, to lag behind. Finally, Likh.kon, of course cut out for 6325 rubles of all skin. All present and bargaining was completed. , file a receipt in that form, they received their pledges, and Mikh. Kon. Fofonovi signed the purchase and obligations outside the bank for three days, and the rest of the money was taken out and the goods removed from the factory.- This time, at 9 hours and 15 minutes, is Ilya Petr himself. Fofonovѣ and breeders Ivan Ser. : Ilin and Sokovnin. Bother to remove the whole and announce that the bidding is over. The presence is closed. All learn that the whole product was bought by Mich.Kon. Fosfonov, and very cheap. Ilya Peter. Fofonov come up to ѣ Mikh.kon, andone_______439_______Congratulations, pleased that his neighbor, and not an outsider, got it. Everyone immediately left the factory, each one donofi, and we went, all traded, Mi. Kon. Fofonov. Calmly calculated the difference - it turned out at 1,750 rubles. on the part ", that is, many and Stepan with F. Mikh. Kon. paid 3500 rubles, we went home. Nikolai Ilyich Mikhail Konfofonov was detained for half an hour, and Mikh.Eon himself went to Ivan with Tim. Vakhrushev who lives on Dyanyanka formerly, Khlybovskiy house, on Milli on the same street. He was before dead Timan. buy all the skin bought by them. Buy it or take it before you send it out at your Demyansky factory. Ivan Tim., from Izambitsi, that the goods were being sold in satisfaction of Glazovskogo Stolbov’s claim, categorically refused to buy and make products, then Likh.kon returned I went all the way to mine and suggested that Nick Ilyich buy from him, that is, і {ihn.on.fofonova, the whole lot 110 5 rubles per skin. For the time being 21. Kon. Ivan, Tim., Nikolai Ilyich, village of Utrobin went to the backwater of Ilya Petrovich, again hired the same phosphon workers for 5 rubles per person and almost all the skin from the vat was thrown out, examined and finally made sure that the spoiled skin was not found, and found out that comrade, at the minimum price, cost more than four rubles per stake. When their.con. Fofonov returned home and offered the whole party to Nikolai Ilyich, the last willingly to bargain with for vym, on what price they salted - no one is offended | it was assumed that at 4.50, but no one could say. Nikolai Ilyich gave Fofonov personal ten thousand rubles from tm to a.k. Fofonov immediately paid the court bailiff 6325 rubles in full, and half an hour later the court bailiff wasi iT. the+one_______440_______permission was received to export the goods from the factory and the police were removed. Nikolai Ilyich sent the Schukov and Bakulinsky villages to call a hundred horses, together 2-3 kopecks. from. puda, the distance for delivery with. Demyanka to the village of Vakhrusheva for 6 kopecks. from. By the evening of the evening, all the skins were transported to the backwaters of Ilya Timofeevich Vakhrushev in the village of Vakhrushevo. On the same day them. Kon. In the evening, upon recognizing the village of Vakhrushevo, we received the rest from Ilya Timofeevich — either with personal money or bills, the last was unknown to us, for both kept this secret, but we were not interested.Done away with. at M.K. Fofonov’s calculation, and having received his share,we went to Zah k. Pla:they thanked and left for Nikolai Pavlovich Zvarev, who lived on Glazovskaya Street, opposite the house of Ivan Alexandrovich Li Hachev, to buy a blubber brought from Zvarev from E Arkhan gelsk. N.II. Zverev just married his sister Arkady Ivich Raspopov, a large furrier Samago in Slobodsky. When we went to see N.P. Zvarev, we went there ourselves Arkadiy Iv. Raspopov. Talks began about the bankruptcy of Ilya II.Fofonov and about the sale today with trading skin, which all in the city were surprised at how cheaply they managed. To buy Foson, and the former Vakhrushevs called them at the auction, and the other breeders were late to the auction. They began to speculate in the city that a judicial bribe had been brought in and there was a strike, and so on. Stepan and I, honestly, let slip Arkadiy Iv. Raspopov, that no one is for purchase, but to us them. far compensation and we did not fill the price and salt trade. It turned out, the next day, Arkadiy Ivanovich Raspopov sent Vyatka to the prosecutor that the auction was_______441_______denied illegally, earlier announced time. The bailiffs, apparently, were interested, 11 broke the auction for half an hour and made it possible for the buyers to arrange a strike, and so on. Three days later, the Slobodskiy’s interrogator was identified as especially important. the rest of the Vakhrushchevs, besides Ivan Tim. Vakhrushev, saying that as far as he knows, not one of the Vakhrushevs would go into illegal business, especially to bribe the bailiff, Secondly, one of the Vakhrushevs, my relative Ivan Timo feevich, and they weren’t at the auction, but buy him your ill offered to resell the last trade, but Ivan T. Vakhrushev refused to buy it - apparently there was no profit, it meant the product was more expensive and not worth it, therefore it was sold for such a price. And I’ve gotten a fuss about 38 drivers Ilya P. Fofonov was not considered a specialist among businessmen and there was unpopularity among all the townspeople.Also - the informer Arkady Ivan. Raspopov, the unjust man, proud and envious - his denunciation should not be given a serious meaning. He was not at the auction, he wrote everything in his denunciationѣ only by rumors, but he cannot confirm it with facts.The investigator for particularly important matters interrogated another offi cial court bailiff and police overseer. They ova unanimously confirmed that "the auction started at exactly 9 a.m., as advertised, and ended at 9.15 a.m., then there could not be a break at half an hour, but not more than 5 minutes that some went out to calculate, but some didn’t stay in the room / indeed, N.A. Stolbov and his Glazovskiy lawyer are not with usG_______442_______ walked into the middle room, and the goal was not rented, they warned that there could be no break *; the police overseer said the same thing. And in particular, in the apartments of P. P. Pa sonkov, he was an investigator in particularly important questions of inquiry, in the presence of right. Vnik, Ivan E Timofeevich. He said: “I didn’t go to bidding, knowing the immoral and negligent attitude to the case of Ilya II. Fosfonov, I was sure that he had a good store and couldn’t be, and even though he couldn’t buy leather from him, even for 5000 rubles ., I considered it risky. Therefore, when I find out that Mikhail Kon. Fofonov bought for 6325 rubles and offered IILE MNIѣ, I refused, saying that I don’t buy a cat for you, I don’t need a cat for 5000 rubles. " The investigator discontinued the inquiry and provided the prosecutor with a report on the termination of the proceedings in the name of Arkadiy Kv. Raspopova. BUT . M. Stolbov through E From the day after the bidding I received, through the district judge, all owing money to him and paying him a bill and legal costs.Gt. VeP.P. Pasynkov. Last Togo didn’t have much time leftІІcom in Slobodsky. His son-in-law Ivan Ivanovich and daughter Nadezhda Pavlovna lived on the demyanka house of Ivan Timofeevich in the same family as the elderly and other sons and daughters of Ivan Tim. and they ate all at one table, although they sailed, with knives and forks, and served at the time of serving such a maid, but until the chef, Nadezhda Pavlovna, all seven of the peasants, i.e. at Ivan Timof. I didn’t like it, it seemed quick and peasant, and cooking wasn’t possible, everything was the same: every day di and veal, or minced meatballs, and in the fall, when you cut the meat for work meat, then all the tongues, kidneys and the udder of the factory owner left themselves and the whole family daily hoststigBUT,yourself.._______443_______.II. Pasynkov said all the time that rich breeders can’t kill {{eat, "feed my daughter only with kidneys every day, I’m just a little tongue; I’m so tired of giving so much, but she can’t see." It ended that Ivan Ivanovich, underencouraged by Pasynkov, ”he began to ask his father to extend him, and his wife and I went to Irkutsk. And p. II. Pasynkov. B. І. In the year 896, you came to resign. After him, the Slobodsky district police officer had to give two stories to Nikolai Semenovich Frontinsky. In 1896, in Slobodsky, the chairman of the Sloboda Zemsky Administration died, P.I. Bulgakov and on his behalf, to serve three years, was Vyat K appointed secretary of the Zemstag presence, Alexei Nikolayevich Shklyaevt, a native of Slobodsky the village of Poloma near Nagorskago /, p. middle school education. He also had brothers - Pavel Nikolaevich Shklyaevt, who served almost all of the Vyatka governors under the office of 25 and, in the end, the city’s head in the city of Vyatka; Alexander Nikolaevich Shklyaev, supreme. education, was available in 4 century. Vyatka; and Fyodor Nikolaevich E Shklyaevt, having been educated, served in the Izhevsk factory, and more recently, the treasurer in the Yaransky treasury. All the Nyaklyaevs were in the Vyatka province in good standing and enjoyed the universal sympathy of the entire provincial population. By prіѣzdѣ v Slobodskoy, police officer, N.S. Frontinskif 11, the uyezd chairman of the zemstvo council together 3 sent visits, TtfourfourNECK AND INto: leML sel EC53 Vakhrushev: ME, Although I have not yet sat our villagewere zemstvo vowels, but both of them were with me. I just got over from the old home and lived in a new room upstairs, even before the BE room._______444_______Vee the next Sunday I went to Slobodskaya’s BE and pushed off A.N. Shklyaev and N.S. Frontinsky. At the same time, he was corrected by a nickname, as an accompanying acquaintance with the residents of his plot, through # ali kam nam in the village of. police officer. bailiff. Nikolai Alekseevich Dumarevskiy, who then also lodged in the Tatar villages of Karino, Yaroslavl volost, and his first police station extended to three volosts of Sloboda district: Yaroslavl, Stulovskaya and Shepelevskaya. Then, during the visit, we drew the attention of the new district police officer that the police of the 1st camp live on the outskirts of their camp and far from the more condensed population, of OE factories. It’s correct that you transfer his apartment and office to the middle Stulov volost, even if our village Voznesensko-Vakhrushevo, Nik.Sem.Frontinskiy said that this is a good idea, but then you will have to transfer the officer from E Shepelev to our village. But will there be apartments in the village: one small for the officer, and the second large for the police, and the office. Or it may be possible to hire such you, the closest dykh to the village of villages. We have noticed that in the nearest and villages there is no large apartment, because all the houses are small, but with us we can give a small apartment for the officerRu, and for the bailiff we, throughout the year, built a special house separately. Then the police. Frontinsky proposed to give him, signed all the way to the owners. Vakhrushevs, with respective declaration, indicating obligations to prepareapartment for the bailiff. The officer was transferred to our village a week later, and for the bailiff I proposed to build a house on Rusakovskaya, which we bought / ie. me and Pav lomi fed.] land, eat the rent for the first three yearsP---_______445_______about-sbe us. all four factory owners should pay for the apartment, and in the long run, the bailiff should already be at his own expense: rent an apartment with me, heh, or wherever it is: to find it more profitable.My house was a ready-made purchase, two-story, wooden / former school /, fused by Dmitriy Ivanovich. Vorobyov, Slobodsky fellow villager, along the river Vyatka, from the village of Vsesvyat skapo near Nagorskago, and sold for 600 rubles with the removal of the billet from Slobodsky and the addition of logs to increase the height in the room, about 2 or 3 quarters of argentine, Niya. The softness of the row, replaced by new window frames and jambs, new, replaced by the roof of Novaya: The whole house cost us about three thousand rubles. The rent was three hundred rubles in years. But the bail of N. A. Kumarevskіya did not have time for KE to cross the AE as a bailiff, because N.S. Frontinsky presented him to the governor with a promotion, and he, during the year while the house was being built, was transferred to Slobodskaya as assistant police officer. When our dollars were ready for the bailiff’s apartment, then the newly appointed camp bailiff of the І-І camp of Slobodsky uzd, Verneev, was placed in this apartment.When we were still in the I-E campѣ bailiff. Dumarevskіy, I got a big misunderstanding on the banks of the river Vyatka, on Borovitsa, by the peasants of the villages of Prokoshi and Skolotni. We bought a lot / up to 1000 road / water-alloyed wood for timber from houses to houses and factories and to building yavlbarov logs - log, ot II.P. Zarkin and II.A. Golovina. BE Slobodskog, so that they can swim along the river to the borough of Borovitsa and hand over to our guard, the bearer Prokoshev, who rolls him from the water to the shore, and that's all2:from._______446_______ time is guarded until the end of the wagon. So this also happened to the wound, dozens of years before me by all the breeders of Shepelez and Stulovo volosts. Borovitsa from our Vakhrushevskogo village stood a mile away at 10 or II, and the city. Slobodskoy from our village is also 10 1/2 versts, you can carry the brez and from Slobodskogo, but they all preferred to carry with. Borovitsy. Coins to be because the road was even here, there was no grief, and no shore. Borovitsy is free for you to load, because besides the breeders, no logs are boring for Borovitsa. In addition, there were more free carters. All peasants living near Borovitsa, villages of ten, the last graduation of their field peasant work, willingly carried logs to our village, and therefore delivery s. Borowitz was, against Slobodsky, 5 or 10 K. RE logs are cheaper. Toppolib members for rafting to Slobodsky or to Borovitsa didn’t make any difference at all. Therefore, all breeders bought from rafting on Borovitsa. All purchased Nalya was the real glue of the foxes, for they were legally developed by the government in the areas they bought at the sites they bought.Among the peasants, the village of Prokoni and Skolotni was embittered against our guard and vykarttsinka Fedor Prokoshev and envy of him that he took all my roll-out party alone, earned a lot of money by his own family, received 10 kopecks for wakatka and guard. camping logs. They began to envy and avenge him. At night they chopped off the tackles that fastened the rafts to the shore and dragged one flesh downstream. Formerly on the shore, allegedly by chance, the men of the same woodcutter caught the flesh and began to demand Fedor Prokoshev for catching a raft on a bucket of vodka about 5 or 6 rubles /. F. Posh is not far off, steel began to swear with themt_______447_______ and to reproach that they themselves chopped off the tackle, released the flesh, and then they hehe in Mali to rip off his jewels - a bucket of vodka. The next night, someone + stole a log of twenty from a raft caught, because he stood below the usual hundred and a half by half, outside the guard. Fyodor Prokoshev sent his son early in the morning for me and for the officer, who had a bad idea for me still in the Chain of Levs, and I, as the officer in charge, prisal early morning on Borovitsa, according to the letter. In the following, we quickly found in the nearest forest all twenties of stolen logs, 11 left their glue on them next to the treasury A B, and the police officer CE understood, i.e. by strangers, draw up protocols, immediately inform the bailiff about what happened. But during the compilation of the orderly proto stake, all the homeowners from Skolotni and Prokovi villages, the Muniks gathered on the beach and began to defend the muzhiks who initially caught the flesh and demanded Fedor Pro Koshev for vodka. In this case, the inhabitants of the village villages demanded that the police officer make sure that he was at all ready to dust up the human being, stating that they acted all for one and demanded the ugly !! i.e., Fedor Prokonev because he alone uses the common land on the coast, the rivers Vyatka - Borovitsy, and if we did not want to converge with us kindly, then we are completely discharged from our land. - Tug Vakhrush you are with him, Fyodor Prokoshev, and look if they trust him alone.The officer ”began to argue that this is not legal - take care of the scum, 10 sazhen treasury, not them. Then the men began to scold the officer and me that the officer and I were born for the money to the rich Vakhrushev, and we don’t want to know anyone — the earth, take care of ours, and therefore we are dumping everything. In water. Then the additional officers_______448_______-and+make a good impression on those understood and these are the protocols. I called out 4 villages of Sopsky and Tensky and handed over to them all on the shore and on the water under guard for two days, saying that immediately, probably, there would be a new police officer, or righteous man himself, for this is already a riot. Upon returning home, officer! immediately together with kinoit i1o1khal v Slobodskoy you are a police department, there you found the very good police officer N.A. Frontinskog and the bailiff N.A.Dumarevskago. The clerk, after listening to the reports and reading the protocol, took the code of law, found a hundred articles on the use of the bichevnik of the alloyed roads. Show me a lot and read through a rumor. The law says: “Take care of the navigation of the river at a distance of ten fathoms deep into the shore, counting the highest spill of spring water, it is considered to be scourge and all year round should remain BY the common use of the whole society and the timber merchants and ship rafts, and therefore the private property is not shared or the right to use the vicaries alone, neither to build up, nor to lease to anyone, as if to own your land. ”Then the nicknames suggested the camp, the bailiff himself tomorrow go to Borovitsa, We’ll cover the villages, familiarize them with the law and locally establish whether Vakhrushevsky and logs and only bi-chevniks are occupied, or if only part of the land belonging to the peasants of the villages of 11rokosha and Skolotnya, and if such is discovered, then the peasant land immediately to release, oblige Vakhrushev to remove logs for scourging, and to satisfy the peasants for temporary use of the land.The order was given an order so that the next day at 9 o’clock. In the morning, all the landlords were gathered from the villages of Skolotni and ProkoshevaTr:_______449_______Borovitsa and 2-3 more neighboring villages - Batashi and friend, to invite 3-4 people by witnesses.The new police officer N. A. Dumarevskiy prichal on Borovitsa was neatly 9 o’clock, and I prihal alin was ten early. snakes were all in the collection. il having been with us, N. A. Du Marevsky went to inspect, where he rolled out. Measured the distance The current riot or piles of forest to summer water at present, measured the area occupied by my logs, all recorded. He asked the peasants and witnesses to show how much water had come to the place before in the spring. It turned out that up to the steep coast, and partly even water came out and steep to the steep. I’ve made a recording and this is a provocation. I read everything in all directions of the chanie, invited the attendants and to sign, argue, pay attention to one hundred rubles, and then descendants to those who were understood .. Read all. to those present for the horse, and then conclude that Vakhrushevsky was unloaded with water below the scavenger in slopes on the sand, and the scourge, based on the law of this article, is considered to be 10 saғ from the highest spring water flow, as well as water 10 soot are legally considered to be on a steep coast and a scourge. Deep into steep coast from us, it turns out to be completely free, nothing to occupy. So not the lands personally owned by peasants. the village of Rokulen and Prokosha, Vakhrushev is not at all busy, and therefore knows that the protocol drawn up by the officer himself and the authorities and the insults of the officer and Vakhruinev is correctly drawn up and is forwarded to such a judge Shepelevsky. Some cartoons oro fought, they agreed to ask for a percentage and stop the bottom, and the main troublemakers and throats began to scold them too, that you were afraid of some kind of stan, we will go toCE?_______450_______ the governor, and even before the king doy virgins, we will find the laws on rich breeders. It’s impossible to condemn all of us, not enough for 50 people in the administration and the prison room, not to imprison two villages at once for judging. In a word, E insisted on attracting all 50 people - or anyone. Pedals through two took place volost judge. On the eve of the judicial day, zemstvo chiefs were in the volost government. The volost clerk, the maker of the municipality court and the president of the court, consulted with the Zemstvo Chief, On, viewing the case, said that the only way out is to reconcile the parties, and if this does not take place, you will have to leave the men for at least 15 days. Of course, there isn’t enough space in the board of directors, but it’s rare to divide the execution of the sentence into groups of 10-15 people. I personally didn’t give a judge. The detachment - nickname - spoke out on the part of the accusation for arbitrariness and insult, I have no reason to be sure that there was no case of conscious admiration for our guilt and at the request of a unanimous percentage, to end this was peaceful, to forgive all and at a loss we will not seek.At the trial, on the proposal of the court chairman on reconciliation, the peasants firmly stated that they did not consider themselves guilty and not only ask for a percentage, but we would even ask for Vakhrushev and from the bailiff for the bribes we had already spent collecting two villages: ashore, then, now, today, the government called, to tear us from left work. This caused nan more losses. According to the peasant custom, the volost judge tries to reconcile the parties, three times to the two parties. make peace, leave for 5-10 minutes from the court to talk privately about the world’s conditions. Unit -*{fТ''tt._______451_______- Nick stated that he and the second II ONE-MIND AUTHOR Vakhrunev himself:t- 14 srttvvnd hatand toprepare for the world, under the condition of the number-hearted consciousness of your Mistake and your arrogance uttered offensive words. Skolotni and Prokovi rested on their own people, who did not acknowledge anything and did not repent, but, on the contrary, consider themselves rights and victims. The court ruled: * All 50 people are found guilty of saylo governing and insulting, be liable to leave you in custody for the volost government 110 for fifteen days, and the penalty was incurred by Nykh Vakhrushev and Fedor. It is provided by law to parties that are not satisfied with the decision of the court, within ten days to appeal to the Zemstvo chief for. Representation of the Supreme Commander. "After listening to all this, the cartoons decided that they would bribe the teller and the volost judge, they would have to go to the king. the appointed time. the decision of the volost court, the men appealed to the Zemsky on the boss. Hereby the head of the district, based on the conclusion of the plots of the district head, left the complaint without fail, approved the ruling of the volost court and ordered the Shepelevsky volost court to bring the deadline by law to enforce:the sitka was grouped by 10-15 people. The ruling on the basis of the zey - chiefs should not be subject to further confusion.All this was announced to the flies. And this time they remained prіoy svoії Annіnі 41, which :: Bottom all zemsky commanders bought. “Some people decided that we were sitting,” but do not sing to blame them. But man 15 from immediately after the volost court and, on the advice, probably, of the volost clerk, and we rejected the rule of many, said that they had come to confess, if not too late, andD.fournto: 1:_______452_______if Mi OR110, 11 is simple, although the ones that are nowwithATGT-one.guilty. On the 14th ba they immediately separated, I didn’t want to participate even in the preparation of the protocol of becoming, but the neighbors scolded us and suffered various threats and insisted that if the whole village went to judge, then all the judges would not be put on jail, I’m the name of the officer, said that I want to forgive these XEs, I’ll leave them, and I refuse to recover damages even with all, but how are you: do you forgive these people for insulting. Well, the hickey from Blamed tut-heh with mnѣ and in front of the officerѣ. The police officer said that "I have known these peasants for a long time, they’re quiet, of course he only silently supported me because I was afraid, but I didn’t even swear, I’m ready to forgive the same. rins, and I will join, "I immediately sent the letter to the peasants of the eleven peasants that we forgive them and in the course of the secret movement we set them free. Otu prisu: dәnnago punishment. Two days later, her group appeared for the man BE 7, then another 2-3 days later a new group of BE 5 people, and more, and more. So the man for thirty-five years pleaded guilty and were releasedThey were arrested, and a man of fifteen not II dressed to go to apologize and served 11 eleven days. This is the loss recovery - I have refused, to KOVE, but this year I haven’t bought a single log to Borovitsa, but I bought everything from the Slobodsky. As a result, the peasants attacked the troublemakers among themselves and said Al: "That you yourself have deprived yourself of your annual earnings; punished, but throughѣ Vasya, because of 1.5 people, and we all the remaining 35 people suffer in vain, lost the same annualBEfromP ETearnings_______453_______In the previous chapter, it was reported that after the death of grandfather Fyodor Timofeevich Vakhrushev in 1890, he inherited immovable property and goods, approximately 60,000 rubles, I’ll say for the capital and goods 38,000 rubles. and a small tannery backwater, with a production capacity of up to 20–23 thousand a year, made of stone. home at the factoryѣ. All this real estate was / approximately valued at a cost of up to 22,000 rubles. Of these, the above two amounts were considered capital of 60,000 rubles.I also reported above that in the first year after the death of Fedor Timofeevich, all breeders took a big loss), including us, his heirs, suffered a loss for the same fourteen thousand. rubles. Thus, due to our inheritance, current assets decreased. by 14000, i.e. from 38,000 rubles left for all us, heirs, 24,000 rubles. Kapit and goods. According to the clergy, half of the entire mass on the share belonged to Alexander and Pavel Fedorovich, 1 / 4th of each, that is 6,000 rubles, and the second half to Stepan, Ivan and Vasily, for three of 12,000 rubles. Of course, verify this in general use of the house and backwater, valued at 22,000 rubles.In general, 46,000 rubles remained on the balance sheet. real estate. But in the same year there were two weddings, Alexandra Fed. married his daughter Anfisa / my sister /, advance payment from his unit was overrun, above the established norm, 2500 p. Thus, iz 6000 p. his capital was in cash, while there remained 3,500 rubles. Pavel Fed. Also in the same year, you gave Moscow your daughter, Afanasy, married to Nikolai Dmitriy_______454_______Vicha Sobolev and overspending from his capital, from 6000r. 4500 p. Thus, in total cash for Pavel F., 1,500 rubles remained. As a result, Alexander and Paul, for the most part, had only 5,000 left in 1891, and Stepan F. had little brothers, for three there were 12.00 °. Then Stepan said that he, for the sake of equation, to take the excess amount and put up interest on the banks, Ya Pavel began to tempt Stepan that money is becoming scarce in the name of their own - they don’t have the right to deposit money, and secondly, they’ll kill common cause, deactivate working capital and it may be possible to sow it on a thread. To get a bank account in the current account is 1/2 or 2%, and if for a period of 3% or no more than 4, and the company, loan. v banks and private individuals., We pay ourselves. Five to seven percent. Therefore, we propose to leave everything, the excess amount in general for an unlimited period and charge for this total for 7000 rubles. at 7% per annum. But we, at our own expense, should, until the sum is equalized, we should be half of them, i.e. up to 12000 rub. to seek in banks or from private individuals, with% attributed to me as father Alexander. Fed. for 2500 rub. and on Pavel Fedor. for 4500 rub. interest at 7% per annum. And when Stepan F. is needed to take takhe for expenses for extradition to his sisters, or for other needs, then he can freely, on the same condition, take over the norm from his part. At the same time, they indicated that in the previous year, prices for rye in grain reached 2 rubles per pound, and for the next year at harvest throughout Russia, prices for rye fell to 60 kopecks, and in the next year, if there were also a good harvest, the price for all varieties of bread will not drop yet. a lot of. "If you put money in a bank for 4% for five years, then_______455_______You should not be able to use them, if you wanted to speculate - buy cheap bread, and when you have this amount you can buy it without delay, then you can take advantage of such cases at any time. Finally, Stepan did so: he left. excess amount in total, and we paid the corresponding interest for the overused amount, excluding the calculation of the annual percentage. Indeed, after a year the price for the role dropped to 40 pegs. Stepan Fed. bought 5000 pounds. and put together our common barns at the factory house, and we did not interfere with this. You could buy more, but the barns in Uias were no longer taken, but you could hire barns BE Slobodsky, buy another 5 or 10 thousand pounds, pour rye in Slobodsky and insure Stepan. F. no longer understood, or did not dare to take a chance. Satisfied that 5000 pounds. I bought and aged three years, dried each summer and tasted it, finally sold it to Aleksandrov’s vodka Slobodskoy’s distillery and put it on for 100 or 150%, since Tsveva, for three years, rose to rye, approximately 1, to a ruble per do it.But the tanning business in the following years brought an annual benefit to all breeders as well. In the very first year, we earned more than twenty thousand rubles. In this way. A loss of 14,000 was covered in excess in the first year. In addition, we, i.e. Fyodorovich’s heirs, this 1891th year, bought uncle Ivan Timofeevich glue mezdypy c. com for 1/2 cop. eat skin. Until this year, they all sold mezdra to Demyanka to Mikhail Vasilyevich Makhnev, for 8 or 10 skin. But Pakhnev was almost the only glued breeder to digest glue from purchased mezdra,_______456_______ and, not seeing itself as a competitor, and having an excess) of the proposed Mezra There are breeders, every year they began to reduce the price of Mezra.the Parfenovichi and Fedorovichi had common glue for driving to the yard at the Parfenovichi factory. The whole land is more sushi and 2 gluing boilers for the Parfenovichi and two boilers for the Fedorovichi, and we, like Fedorovichi, and Parfenovichi, quickly digested the whole leather ash ash section on our commonfactory ”, because there was little of it, since each backwater you worked for was no more than 25,000 leather a year. When we, Fedorovichi, bought mezdra from Ivan Timof. In autumn, so that in the course of the whole year the mezdra would be delivered to our factory every day, we would record every day how many skins came in and at the end of spring. the quantity was revived, and in July July Tim Ivan. I gave the bill to us - for this year it has worked up to 50,000 kokhs, and to us the mazra passed about 3,700 or 3,800 rubles. It was agreed to pay for mezdra in late August, after the end of the Nizhny Novgorod Fair. We didn’t fall, as soon as we agreed on Ivan Tim’s mezdra. , Parfenovichs were offered to split the suvil, and we dried our half of the dryers and our 2 boilers into our own yard. Or offered Parfenovich to buyour half of the dryers on a voluntary - mutual assessment. “We quickly agreed. The Parfenovichs bought half the dryers, paid us 4000 rubles for this. We broke down our boilers and immediately started building large dryers in our yard and ordered the blacksmith to make 2 more boilers for spring. Thus, in the course of time in winter, while the Mezdra was gathering from its plant and from Ivan Timofeevich, during this time, it’s a great fact that a new glued backwater was built, andBUT._______457_______after Easter, when it was warm, the masons put in cauldrons, all four, in the stove, and in “Maѣ” they started cooking clay. With its 30,000 leather and 50,000 leather factory Ivan Tim. A total of 80,000 leathers were sold at the Nizhny Novgorod Fair, and almost all of the fair was sold, and the proceeds from glue were paid to Ivan Tim for the bacon. Thus, this year we earned even more than 5,000 rubles from the glue from the purchased meat.The construction of a new gluing plant and additional boilers for us cost no more than 1/2 thousand rubles. So we just got a new glutinous backwater exclusively through the purchase. Mezdra from Ivan Tim. and still in abundance.. When choosing a site for a glue factory, I insist on putting the plant behind a gutter, at the end of our tillage area, and Pavel Fed. He was indignant and said: “What are you, are you thinking of building up the field? It's ugly far away.” But nevertheless they decided to put the dryer near the ditch, i.e. fathomtwenty closer to the old factory, which I suggested, but even that seemed far away. I dispute not steel, but once again emphasizing. zero, that if later I dried it and had to endure it, then remember my words that I suggested putting it at the very end of the strip and thereѣ they would never pardon anyone. Everyone turned a joke. Pavel said: “God forbid, and before that, I had to expand the cocktail backwater, and if then I dried it, then we will postpone it and we will remember that your offer was external. Indeed, ten months later, the cauldrons boiled over to the other end of the dryer ceased, because very mѣ - shawls for the expansion of the tannery,І_______458_______ For the most part, they removed the factory door and all the boilers were dried and dried on the purchased land from the village of Trofimovskaya - in the field, on the road to Volkovo, almost half a mile from our water, and on the factory door after 15 years we built it separately, but dried it for leather behind the ditch, at the end of the strip, but higher, i.e. closer to the tract. Pavel F. repeatedly Gno recalled that I had the right to put a glutinous backwater at the end of the strip and, indeed, not only our 2 stripes were built up on the entire field, but as a result, the purchase or all I adjoin our factory of the Pakhatny stripes, Parfenovichi, Ivanovichi, finally, Afanasy Ilyich - a strip of land along with a tower built on this strip.The first years after the death of Fyodor Timofeevich, even after the unprofitable year, when all breeders earned good money, we, heirs. Fedor Timofeevich, it wasn’t very regular for the Vodskoye, for the purchase of raw materials was carried out very slowly and too carefully, and often temporarily, mostly due to a lack of cash and a small loan, but in part they were afraid that they might not get it. delivery to the army with в trade in the Quartermaster and again from the purchased goods will take losses in advance. And when we go through the bidding and we take the contracts, we see that all the purchased work is not to go completely to the execution of the contracts taken in Intent. I would like to add raw materials to the reserve, so that I will issue 5 or 10 thousand per year. linesѣ for sale on a private market. or to the treasury, but through contractors. It was only because in Vyatka annually sold Tisolis trusted Adelkhanov, bought from Vyatka breeders a cut-out salon product of treasury_______459_______nago sample according to the commissant's description. Adelkhanov annuallysold mostly. Vasily Stepanovich. Poskrebyshev VE Vyatka, Ivan Timofeevich Vakhrushev, many Fedorovich and some Parfenovich, and, finally, very rarely, i.e. not annually - Ilya Timofeevich gave a little about Adelkhanov. In the year 1891, Fedorovich, we consecutively got about 15 or 18 thousand leathers, but in the beginning ѣ 1892 there was a first-born docent Adelkhanov, Stepan Avetisovich Vartazaryants. We asked him for a thousand for ten leather cut goods, and our raw materials in production are not enough. In February, Irbit came true Stepan Fed. from. Vasiliy Parf., There are also not bought enough. Return from. Irbita at the end of February, we calculated that there would not be enough leather for all the leather sold by the cut-out goods. S. March 1st begins in the districts of the city of Kotelny at the fair, lasting ten days. We heard that in the past year, a lot of rye from E Kukarka, Yaransk and Vetluga was brought to the Kotelnicheskaya Fair. Having discussed that we need 2,000 or 3,000 skins, I went to the fair, it's about a hundred verstals from Vyatka, half a day. ѣzdy. I took money of myself 6,000 or 7,000 rubles. I stopped at the fair in the house of the Kotelnichesky citizen Zaitsev, in one room with Mikhail. Mikhailovich Zhelvakov / nicknamed Murashk /. Next to another room, in the same house was a tannery breeder from Galich. None kolay Aleks колevich E Kalikin, brother, both old men, verydear, pretty merchants, I met them and oftenchatted in the evenings when they returned from their baLagana, where traded at the fair trade in cube paint. For they are cro. ѣ tanning factory, had and trade in paint andone._______460_______other goods and at the Kotelnichesky fair were sold annually, but not for leather goods, but for trade.They said that as a way to go to the fair, never before had so many raw materials been brought here. Even today, you brought Kotelnich a batch of raw materials from Vetluga.Every year we bought the whole lot from this merchant, Rozhin, in Vetlug and took Galich to our backwater, and now in the fall we had a large gathering at our local bazaar and the nearest rural fairs, then we bought up excesses at home and in. They didn’t send a vetlug. Royatin offered us correspondence, but we refused. They’d bring half of the party to Kotelnich, and the rest they want to house at home and bring it to the Nizhny Novgorod Fair, unless, of course, you find a buyer for the house before the July month. I thanked them for their love and took everything into consideration. In the “boiler house” I bought about a thousand and a half from Kukarskago Yezhov. Rozhin heard that I’m almost the largest buyer of raw materials from Vyatka factory breeders and came to my apartment for the offer, I said that I had already bought the required number and would hardly buy your lot, but still I didn’t seem to inspect . He looked, asked the priest, said that this time I can’t buy for cash, suggest to othersѣ. If you don’t sell for cash, you’ll decide to sell on credit - ask for information from our companyѣ inquiries from Tyryshkin’s offices and other people you know, then come and talk about assessment and terms and conditionsTwo days have passed. Rozhin came again, said that there was no one to sell for there, it was not profitable to take home back. Inquiries about Vasya could be sold and sold for a loan, but not for a long time, not August. If we don’t agree, I’ll take Vyatgi 11І TE_______461_______ ku, there are many breeders, someone to buy. I’m only afraid that you’ll bring the breeders home, to squeeze even more. I say: "It’s not wrong, you don’t bring alone, you bring Vyatka from many places, which during the winter win 4-5 times and bring everything to good use. If you would sell at least at a loss), then you wouldn’t they’ve picked up new lots at home and didn’t ask for 4-5 times. So no one could smell them, but if a suitable product is affordable, then all the breeders willingly buy it, but each breeder is provided with necessary quantities for his plant from the fall, and all the finishes on February 1st.If you bring to Vyatka, and there are no hunters to buy, because all were bought and the factories were full. I’ve got a purchase here for no more than 2000. I bought a thousand and a half. If I buy another 500 koya, it’s good, but I don’t buy it and we will get along. You offer another 1,500; as if, for us, a thousand dreading excesses, but at a suitable price, at a large factory 1: 1-tf, a thousand skins should not be missed, after a short negotiation, we bargained. I bought from him an entire batch of 1,500 leather and issued bills with payment you! Nizhny Novgorod Fair in the end of August. Ronini gave my word that in the coming year, how to finish the winter assembly, so that baptism tell me the last message of Baptism to them. V. Vetlugu and buy on the spot. Cutting. Separately, his party after the expulsion, we were convinced that the product is good and profitable, as well as bought from Yezhov-Kukarskago at the boiler-house fair party proved to be profitable.The next year, after Epiphany., We got home from E Vetlugi offer party leather. I pokhal v Vetlugu with. Fedo01/13_______462_______ - rum. Gavrilovich. Shubin. and eat his brother-in-law, Dichael. Vasilyevich. Mironov. The last two are for the purchase of raw materials, and I am for the skins. I bought Koku from Rozhin, but they didn’t find any proteins. Then I annually ѣzdil v Vetlugu ku Rozhina, p. Nikolai Vasilievichѣ, later with Illetr. Vasilyevichem, i.e. I bought two companies for two times: Fedorovich and Parfenovich, and, finally, the last time, I already went only from my company Fedorovich, with Alex Vladimirovich Rovitch. Pestov and bought times BE Vetlug, because every year there were 2 1/2 to 3 I / 2 thousand kokhs at Rozhin’s party. This has already become small pairs for us, we didn’t see the calculation of losing 2-3 weeks to go for such a small part, because the train was carried out. to Siberia, we becamethey began to pay attention to Siberia, and / Vetlug did not pay attention anymore, and then they heard that the old Rozhin died, and his sons opened from the dough, and the same is the town of Vetlug, the grocery. trade. In 1892, the purchase of BE Hotel, as I already wrote, turned out to be profitable, and the Kotelnicheskaya Fair is close - only half a day. ѣzdy, without any offer, I went to the Kotelnichesky Fair of the First Part of 1893, together with my wife, so that on my way back I would visit my sister, Ansis Alexandrovna and my brother-in-law Afanasy Ivanovich Platov, we live. BE Orlovskiy uzdz. We stopped at the factory at the time of the widow Shlyapnikova, a relative and one of the namesake Tyryshkinsky’s son-in-law. There, too, went to the fair for our son-in-law, selling tow-tow and flaxseed. He stayed with us — at Shlyapnikova’s place, but he was on his horse, and we passed on the road to Zemsky, even without our crew.At the same time, prіkhalѣ at the fair on three horses IvanB_______463_______Prokopyevich. Rusanov with his son. They brought for sale three carts of pick-ups, glued from oak string. Rebounds Ivanі Ave. Rusenov sold and sold one sleigh; before you leave home, drink tea for a walk to our apartment. Seeing our son-in-law Afanasyev Yves. The board was new, we started talking about the device of a weak factory for the production of flaxseed oil, about a 14-horse drive. Iv.pr. He became interested in new devices at Platunov, such as Rusanova and Plat, who had new oil mills and a lot of grain farming. Iv.lp. to express settlement, it’s good to watch your device someday. Af. Willow Pilatu again suggested: "Let's go from E Kotelnich along small roads, through our property, I will prove everything by pleasure." And I offered to take us along the way. home: together we will stay for a day at the platoon, we will see my sister, and you will examine the churn and threshers, and then all together and go home. They quickly agreed, and in the morning, the numbers of the 10th went to 11latunovym in their name. I was free - there were not many raw materials at the Kotelnichesky Fair this year and I didn’t buy anything, and Platunov and Rusanov hurried to finish and leave, because the spring snow flare began and were afraid that they would soon get logs and snow flakes. Indeed, the small rural roads were much weakened during the day, the horses showed their way, if the log had already turned blue, the water started. I had to go step, touch. But while it was light, everyone was in a hurry to go from Kotelnich to Platunovskogo name verstfifty; Namt wanted to get light, even for lunch they didn’t stop on the road - they sled and had a bite. The further KE in the evening, the ride became harder and harder, the day before the horns weakened even more, the horses appeared more and more_______464_______house. with great difficulty re-recognized the log. They began to repent that they had gone on a small road, at least get to the village, and spend the night, despite the fact that Kotelnich was already about forty versts away, and 12 or 15 versts remained before Platuno’s name. In the last day we climbed up - we pressed to the broad gull, hear and rattle the bell in front, but not in front of the arch, but somehow strange. Call one or two, and again is silent. Come closer to the ravine - in dim, some kind of a carriage and a horse slightly visible ahead in the darkness, rattle the bell under the arc. They shouted: “What happened there and what happened with you. * And we hear it:” Stop the bail. If they were stuck in a log with a cart and horses, they could not do anything. For two hours we’ve been tormented, the coachman has gone to the village for people to pull out. ”Indeed, on the other side of the ravine, we hear a crowd of peasants approaching, about twenty men, with flashlights and shovels, led by village and police officers and hundreds, and came to save from the water his boss became His bailiff. They spent about another hour, pulled out the bailiff with a wagon and horses, then the bailiff ordered the men to help us cross the log.Athanasius Eve. Platunov and Ivan Prok. Rusanov wet their feet in a cold snzhnitsѣ-in%, since the prisoners themselves led each of their horses, protecting them so that they would not tread and would not become obstructed. The tokhe men got wet and chilled all the way, kenya climbed the sled up to the front, got taller, the horses were different, and our legs went on the sides to the nadl so as not to soak our feet, and we, indeed, didn’t even wet our boots and didn’t wet our . Afana siy Yves. hesitated that Peter Al. happy - you are dry from the waterEE_______465_______shelі. Іріѣхав. BE village, the bailiff demanded to take all the largest house to spend the night. I gave the peasants half a bucket of water, they thanked them very much. We entered the house, we realized that we had to keep warm all wet, drink vodka, and take it with ourselves. We turn to the owner, give him the ruble: is it possible to buy and bring somewhere. The owner hesitates, not to take it, to say that there is nowhere else to buy it, but to glance at the police officer and say quietly that it’s possible to find something, but it’s scary for the authorities. The bailiff noticed that they were whispering something, he turned to the owner of the man: “Well, don’t be afraid, look somewhere at home, but come on, treat me all; don’t sell, but like that, treat me, and I’ll drink two o'clock sat in the log on the wind - Ozyab strongly. " I say: "Yes, I remembered, I have a sleigh and I have a bag of vodka, I’ll go down and bring a spot and bring it back. Owner, come with me, dedicate the background." We went out, I give her the ruble, I say: "Quick, take the bottle, and I will say mine." Khuzhik took the ruble, somewhere from - he returned by five minutes, dragged a whole liter. We come to the house. Athanasius Eve. ІІlatunovѣ smiles: "Petri Al. Is smart-looking, although in the Chukhikhsanyah’s ѣhal, he managed to prepare and hide it warmly. Get out the dry water and dry it all." Washed or all vodka, when it was served, was treated with vodka, tea and pies, ham, eggs. Everyone was amused and began to joke one at another, as well as with the bailiff. The descendants all climbed to the bed to sleep. In the morning, as it began to light, after drinking tea, they thanked the owner, went out all. Bail ushal in Orlov, and many in the name of A.I. PPlatunova. The night was cold, the road froze a little, got stronger, did not begin to step. We are in I hour or in I 1/2 hour. have arrived to them. They stayed there all day. I AMx_______466_______I remember that I gave my sister Anfis Al, sarpinki on a dress, Iv.Pr Rusanov managed to inspect everything during the day and was satisfied with the results of the inspection and the useful and advice given to him by the platoon, like those who lived both by landowners and oil chippers. Rusanov is no longer regretting that he was a great scholar on small roads. In the evening. We decided that tomorrow morning we would chill in the chill early ћdemt, and maybe up to Vyatka fifty versts would come to light ..Indeed, we left the next day early in the morning, at first we went fast, and then in the afternoon the road again weakened and the log where we had already run through. We didn’t sit down the road anywhere, but the road passed and we had to step. HER in the evening we reached the village of Pasgovo. It was dark. We were afraid that in the dark again we wouldn’t be hidden in any kind of log, and preferred to spend the night in Pasrov. We drove to the zucchini, asked where we could spend the night. The wife of Kabat Chika came out, looked at us and said: "Yes, how did you get here." We recognized her; she is a good friend of our family, Alex Alex Alex. Rukavishnikov, because weekly passing Vyatka, leave the horse, feed on the yard at the Rukavishnikovs and she knows perfectly well the whole family3 Rukavishnikovs. He calls us by name and patronymic and invites us to all of us as guests, and our horses to the yard. In the evening I was treated to tea. and gave me a bite. Arranged all on bed benches. We spent the night beautifully, and the next day early in the morning, we left on the bus, and by 8 I / 2 hours. in the morning you were already Vyatka. We stayed with the Rukavishnikovs and after dinner we left the house with. Iv.llp. The Rusanovs on two sledges - sledges, and his third horse was tied behind. I’ve taken to the courtyard of our diligent home, the first to see Stepan’s sister, the youngest Anyuta, was twelve years old,_______467_______ and shout: "Our Kotelnich arrived and brought a new horse, apparently bought there." Stepan went out onto the porch to see the new purchase. Upon seeing. Ivan Proko. - surprised. He asks: "How, why did you take all that time and the horses seemed to be yours." He invited his son to drink tea, and it was explained that Ivan. Prokof. Bring us along the way, and the horse is superfluous from behind, because some sleds were accidentally sold to the owner BE Eotel nothing. Thus ended our educational journey from E Kotel -nicha.In parallel with purchases of KORE raw materials at fairs and BE CBS, we annually from September September to the end of December bought raw materials in our own: bazaars from: butchers and parties for war, i.e. otlich, killing cattle partiamіy for salting - meat in factories. Like BE Slobodsky weekly market days, and in the city of Vyatka, but not all autumn, and sometimes from October until half of November, i.e. until the beginning of November 14th, a diligent style. For the purchase of first-hand leather at the Slobodsky and Vyatka bazaars every year when cutting leather proved that it gives more benefits against the supermarket goods supplied to us through the merchants, one ruble and one and a half ruble and each kokh. But if all the breeders bought only at their own bazaar, then a tenth of the goods needed for all raw materials would not be enough, and therefore, in parallel with purchases at home at the bazaar, they would buy everything at fairs and in Siberia. Exclusively at home from the butchers, they were bought only in Vyat - Vasily Stepanovich Poskrebyshev, who worked at a rented factory. Vyatka and made up to a total of 20 or 25 leather, as well as exclusively at Vyatskomt bazaar, bought Ivan Vasily5l.P2 + 1 VIgung_______468_______vich dolguchin, and after his death, his son, Fedor Ivanovich Dolguchin with his nephew Alexander Petrovich. Dolgutins. As long as the uncle of the last day was alive, i.e. Fedor Ivanovich, they, an uncle and a nephew, worked inseparably together at one factory and produced only up to 30,000 koshi BE a year for the private sale of whole and leather goods, selling in Doskv and the Lower Rhodsky Fair. Then they bought almost all the required quantity, 30,000 koya, at their bazaar. Lapteva was bought in parts both at its bazaar and at the yarraki. Dolgushins, the last. the death of the thigh Ivanovich did the following: his son, Mikhail Fedorovich Debt tires. split with cousins, Alexander and Ivanov Petrovich, expanded the case. Settling two factories nearby in the village debt of Shinsky, 30 and up to 40,000 of them began to be pushed out at each, and, with the assistance of Alexander Ilyich Vakhrushev, they began to supply cuttings for shipped goods. Ying - to tendency. Then, too, only one third of raw materials began to be bought at their own bazaar, and two thirds at fairs and Siberia.Our company, recognizing the benefits of buying a large part of the raw materials at its bazaars, did not have the financial ability to buy New without available free capital, and they bought the whole house from 3,000 to 5,000 tootone. The rest is no more, and the remaining 30,000 collected at fairs and credit.We’ll go to the market with Slovenian Stepan. Fed., And sometimes with my dad, Tzdili all together, or in turn, getting up at three in the morning. We drove to Slobodskoy even in the dark, along the first winter path, we asked them to get comfortable before dawn, grab a place near the meat row, place balanced weights on the goat with kettlebells, and, as it were, we found it out all the way._______469_______four firms Wahru nevyv, then all were set in a row, parallel to Her meat 14 in a row. The best place was considered to be the end, so as to get closer and more convenient to go into the meat row, especially the upper end, because more large Butchers were trading at the upper end of the meat row and they had more skin, neither ME wanted to put their own weights closer so that when the Butcherӣ take the skin on his shoulder and wear it on his shoulder so that he is closer to carry and throw off the shoulder at the first, the upper end or the lower Otka ryki. Who, because of the drivers, before arriving before being cleared for the bazaar, then captures the end point. More often than not! Ivan Tik mofeyevich sent, for they already lived on Demyanka and ahead of CE, they sent the clerks, the sinister Sinon Grigorievich Shestakov, by the workers. When we have a purchase of ala at the same time in Sloboda Skom and Vyatka, then Stepan and Aleksandri Bedorovichi enter the market on the morning of the day. They went to buy in Slobodskoy, with the clerk Alexey. Vladigmіrovachem. Pestovіlm / on - not the cutter, but on me / / or s. Mikhailѣ Ivanovich. Lagunovimifor 6 or 8 milk. From evening on, we drove to the bazaar but on mu day: Vyatka. Spent the night at my father-in-law Al. Al Rukavishnikova. In the morning, before opening up, they opened a meat market near the Alexander Cathedral in a square parallel to the meat row. All breeders and milled their place, a wooden floor was arranged, and poles were placed above the floor with a crossbeam for hanging each market day with balance weights for lifting leather. Old breeders were not in a hurry to seize better revenge, and each knew his own. Minutes for 10 15 hours, work, suspension, will be developed by the owneroneLPan1 gust 1x_______470_______ Eve breeders with money boxes and butchers put a retail one on their shoulders, and a zoigiki, 10-20 leather or more, bring raw leather onto a horse suspended through the back of a horse, and in a telgah. Sell ​​more to breeders who are used to whom. There were no sites and pillars arranged near us. Nearby, we and others, who did not call regularly every year, but by chance only 5-10 breeze, were allotted to us, only in autumn. Each time we brought in a goat and weights and weights. But to us, the butchers didn’t carry small ones, also not regular ones, but accidentally killed 1-2 cows for meat for sale. But sometimes others have a lot of sellers, but the butchers, the names. 5-10 stake, to get home, to find out, how much they turned in to big breeders of skins: and other butchers, come up with skins to deal with our skin: “You accept the honor”. Offer him the same price that he heard from others. Nyasnyky, without hesitation - Deniya throws koyai kѣ vѣsam and ask him to accept him soon and let him go. Our workers, before I take up the job, shake off any excess dirt or dampness, immediately weigh the men and the peasant, having received the calculation, to fix the home; on the next day they are already coming to us c. kokhs, like old acquaintances and still lead their comrades or neighbors in villages, butchers. with Koks, explaining to them that it’s good to hang and wouldn’t delay the calculation. In great parties, of course, we bought less and bought every bazaar. Vyat skіe breeders, Laptevs, Dolgunny and V.S. Scratch it, buy leather for 700 to a thousand, and for the whole market we will buy leather for 80 or up to 150. So during the fall in 5-6 bazaars we will collect from 1000 to 2000 leather, and we are very happy, because we can only afford it. Dan and for thisOrgT.fourat!shopping took out banking money take into account friendly ages_______471_______mudflows. Bank loans were then very small: ie, limited, quickly exhausted. If you take into account a bill for 4000 or 5000 kokh, then this is enough for almost a thousand kokh. In and they gathered weeks for two in two bazaars — 3 Slobodsky and Vyatka — one thousand, but at the same time, you try to take into account and prepare money for another 2-3 banks even in other banks, and so on. At the same time, it is partially necessary to sing from Moscow, perhaps, a small proceeds from official deliveries or to sell privately a flap and a private cut of a shoe product. Thus, they also reached for other big breeders, buying many of the first hands at the same time, showing that it is possible for us too, that we are well aware of the benefits and do not miss cases.But once I, with similar plans, almost got into a very unpleasant situation. Іріѣхаві for the purchase of VE Vyatka on the bazaar Saturday Saturday, Friday morning in bank of Wo Lu: Sko-kamsky registration for a bill of Iіavla Romanovich Zarkin/ friendly /. Talk to the manager, Dmitriel Nicholaevich. Abramov, asked, can I hope that tomorrow the bill will be taken into account. For it may be many days, tomorrow it will take hours BE 10 a.m., if you have to buy a lot of leather at the bazaar, then there’s not enough hair to get enough for the bazaar. Abrashov said: “Yes, today it’s just the E accounting committee. We can’t miss this bill today, unless, of course, blow up at least 2 members of the accounting committee. I firmly relied on this amount of 4,000 rubles. It turned out to be on the market on Saturday4.44.2 t.;sipBUT.C.etiI_______472_______.Ethe raw materials are much larger than the previous days. They bought hotly and bought all the full preparation of the bazaar day, leather for 700 800, and V.S. IIskoskrybyshevі bought that day up to one and a half you got the skin, since there were imported desks і, and from other uzzdov. My parties also brought in a little part and I bought about three hundred leather. Formerly, I have cash, I spent almost all of my money, but before the bazaar ended, I went to Karsky Meshchinin, a merchant, brought in a batch of about sixty leathers and offered to buy the whole batch. I asked: "And what, you, always, always sold to Poskrebyshev and Lee Laptev; did they refuse today." I.V.Dolgushevi said: "They do not refuse, but ask to wait for the end of the bazaar, as if there is still some free time to go look. You see for yourself what their. Question is: sellers stand in line when they finish finishing. And with you, I’m calling you - Zee is free, although we would have gone to see it; if you want to buy, I will also sell to you willingly. " In the morning I still bought a little horse - 50, I willingly went to look. They requested the request more expensive than market, kopecks. twenty for good. Yaena suggested lowering by twenty kopecks. Dol gushev said that it’s still half an hour to come and warn Poskrebyshev - if he doesn’t watch until 9 o’clock, then come to sell a lot. At about 9 o’clock the bazaar began to run out, the Laptevs and Dolgushins got wet and went home, and V.S. By scraper still continues to be bought. Im steam tiy. 1 .. Dolgushev repeatedly approached Poskrebyshev with a request to go look and give a definite answer; buy or not. And Poskrebyshev rejects everything indefinitely: “See, I can’t tear myself away. If you want, wait.” Finally, II skrebyshev sk.GG•••."_______473_______hall: "I see, you can’t wait, maybe another buyer wants it, go sell it. I don’t have time to look today, If you don’t sell it, take me to the inn, and come back in the eveningto many home, talk about it. Then tomorrow I will send you a day to come to the inn and buy it. ”Dolgushev: at 2 1/2 o’clock, go to my room, tell me what you can do to spend the night with the merchandise in the inn and only tomorrow it tells you to buy. * Many on - she had to wait, and you should go to Kukarka at the same time. Take the price you appointed, I’m ending with him. " I instructed I.I. Lagunov to re-work with the workers, and he himself went to the Volga Bank. I ask if the bill is taken into account. Kogu-di get it now. -the same money, because I bought a large lot and many all the sum of 4000 rubles. nuzna now.The managers said that the committee did not gather yesterday, but you. Scratched people sent a note that you look like a bazaar, you have to get up in the morning, don’t talk to the committee late at night, and go to the banks tomorrow, sign everything that is urgent. It will take Vanyat hours until II - 12 to wait. "I II clarified that VS Poskrebyshev was still at the market and was able to awaken until 2:00. I couldn’t speed up the 11th way. Then I managed to call a hundred mugs - the stoker and sent ask V.S. Poskrebyshev to the bazaar, depending on probability, I was spinning about the bazaar, drove into the bank without stopping at home. They suggested BE BE come 1/2 hour. I went to the bazaar. There I had to - V.S.11oskrebyshev he doesn’t have to finish the bill and settle accounts with the butchers, at which time a banker should approach him and forward the request of the manager Abramov. Bystander unscrewed the stall: what, now. Ride. Indeed, he already had a horse fed from a house, harnessed a span, si ku cherom on a goat. Now.fourtofromiflfromUHE.|BP_______474_______the opposite side, to the banks. At my place, too, I’m finishing loading and weighing up leather to load on hired carriages. Dol gushev wait for me and wonder why I personally am absent when I weigh it. I told them to finish, and once again I removed the tray and in half an hour I would bring the money. I’ve gone to Volga Bank ”at III / 2 hours. V.S. Poskrebyshev at the bank has already served, accounting .. signed, and the accounting department prepared the calculation. INN, without delay they gave out money. I recognize the market. There already, except mine in the Call and the servant, yes, I.I. Dolgusheva ,. no one, and our weights | even cleaned. Dolgushevі waves to leave. But I apologized, the calculation by Lagunov was handed over, I immediately paid the full amount due to Dolgun, and I had almost nothing left to account for the bill.A carriage man, a hired peasant, wasn’t nearly enough at the bazaar, he had to put heavier horses on his work horses, and Odin was twice as heavy — 25 or 30 poods were put in 50 pounds. I ordered from that pair of horses,. on which I and my wife and Lagunov themselves drove to Vyatka, took a binder and seasoned with a cart, and the three of us reached home on one horse. While we had a drink, we drank tea, we left home, and we were still about four o'clock. It was the 30th of October, on the eve of the festival of Kosma and Dali. The ice on the river Vyatka just got up, the road along the Staritsa river until, until the ice hardened, it would melt along the bank along the embankment, and as soon as the ice freezes until snowdrifts have poured snow onto the ice, it’s much easier to carry it over the old ice and horses and Faster. Win also along ѣhali along Staritsa ѣ along the river. Where the Staritsa makes a sharp bend, from the ice all the way to the coast and further to the village of Makaryapr. TteTTTSn5._______475_______ уже Blow along the shore. We have on the gantry the seat Li.I. Lagunov, 16 or 17 years old, just graduating from your city courses taught right now and entering our service. According to what he saw, he looked out on the shore - the road, sitting in his sleigh as his wife. - through 1.I. Lagunova do not see the road. We rode along the riverbank near the fathom of two more, and the bottom turned out to be: near the ice in this place, at a distance of five fathoms, not yet frozen. You rode a horse with a sleigh into this water gap. It was good that it was near the shore, shallow, depth I arshin or I 1/4 arsh., Horse in the water to half-side, sled completely in the water. I chilled on a goat sled, and my wife shouted: "Sit, don’t jump out. If you jump out, you can please the ice." But the water is already full of sledges and she’s all sitting in the water, wetting all her fur coats and a blanket, a shirt, until everything is warm. Behind us. Tҳali si bazaar Sharo mova - felt boots, I shouted Yin: "Nikita Timofeevich, 110 you want us to drag a horse out of the water, as well as hen at the sledges." They drilled something under their nose and drove off. Behind him and another 2 or 3 pass, without paying attention to the request. Seychast ѣ not following them еть Don’t Bobinski cross on the 5th, deliver and call for building a brick house - Alex Ustinovich / he is relatives of the family of Nikolai Pavlovich Rylov, as well as tыsnikovіі /. Heѣ himself. recognized, stopped and still stopped three men. Our sledges and the horse were caught by the Ropes, they immediately pulled us ashore. I asked all of them to come with us to Maka ryevskago village. Everyone was screwed there to Alexander Pavlovich Korobov. They were to be blamed on relatives of Parsenovich-Aleksan dr Stepanovna Shubina, and Al. Pav. Korobov himself sometimes worked with us, we closed the chicom, but I cut more with II oskrebyshev andETTABOUT..Pt•_______476_______ Laptev. We asked to heat and dry. I gave Alex Ustinovich money. and about force to bring from. Makaryevskago tavern a quarter of vodka. First of all, they treated the Bobinsky peasants, who helped pull them out of the water, treated Alexei Ustinovich and his wife KorobovKE, and they all drank themselves, including mine, and M.I. all was in water and froze. Alexandra Steinovna Korobova, nee Shubina, gave my wife all the dry linen, shoes and her clothes. I and Lagunov, too, were replaced with dry Korobovsky, and some of them were dried while we were warming for an hour and a half and drank tea. The descendants went on and only late at night got home. After a few days, Korobov returned all their clothes, shoes and clothes and sent them a gift - a box of chocolates, as they give them money. found uncomfortable .. Also thanked and Bobinskogo musician Alek s Устya Ustinovich. Alexander Pavlovich Korobov, after all, told me all that Makary had a village on November 1st, and on the eve of the holiday God sent guests with his treats, namely, he passed. Pyotr Aleksandrovich Va Khrushev with his wife, sent for a quarter of a bucket of vodka, drank it all, and the next day, for the whole holiday, left us, left us to see the feast day. Cosmas and Damian.After difficulties that occurred due to the payment for the accepted skin by I.I. Dolgushev, due to the delay in the bank, accidentally taking into account the bill, we came to be convinced that we could not buy at our Vyatka bazaar. If V.S. Poskre byshevѣ refused to sign, as a member of the accounting committee, and many banks would return the bill, that I would then send.._______477_______ accepted goods. Dolgushev, already loaded onto carts. They stood taking me away, waiting for me, the carters also waited, not having any charge to drive. If I hadn’t brought the money for another half an hour, Dolgushe would have dragged him to deliver the goods and my clerk to the police, or you could have invited the police to the bazaar and made up a protocol - it would have been a huge scandal.You decided to buy in the future only at Slobodsky Ba Zar, and if you sometimes go to Vyatskiy bazaar, then buy only your money and don’t calculate: if you had to take into account the bill of exchange.Ivan Tim. Vakhrushevѣ made a purchase in the Vyatka bazaar according to the same principle as we bought in the Sivv Perm governorate, i.e. throughѣ the commissar of Karelin. V. Vyatka, they entailed the qualities of a relative’s commissary, that is, test I, A: - Drey Andreevich Brovtsin, -Vyatskogo merchant, Vasily Ivanovich Kulepetov, living near the meat - leather market. The son of Ivan Tim., Ivan Ivanovich Vakhrushev, to marry the first time for his sister Andrei Andreyevich Brovtsin. Therefore, Ivan Tim. Vakhrushev was the matchmaker of you. Ivan Kulepetov. The matchmakers, visiting the Brovtsyns during the wedding and later, soon found a common language that could be related, matchmaking could be mutually beneficial. Probably Ivan Tim. suggested, point out that Kulepetov’s brother-in-law should live almost next to meat-leather. a bazaar, - to buy for him, on a commission basis, once a week, leather, and thus earn a thousand rubles a second by the way for the fall. Moreover, they indicated that on Siv на we have.kommissіonery buy with our money at 10 kopecks. c. skin, and if we give them bills and they are at our expense, given, i.e._______478_______ Paying %% to our banks, the fee increases to 20 or 25 kopecks. * # the same commission I could also pay you to pay. "We quickly agreed. Kulepetov merchant is well-known and self-possessed, the local Vyatka banks were considered creditworthy. They made a test: taking into account 2-3 bills, 2-3 bargains in common for Kulepetov liked it, began to take into account bills more and strengthened purchases every fall. Thus, Eulepetov bought from 5000 to 10000 leather at the Vyatka Bazaar, working 3-4 months a day during the autumn, for a total of 15 days for the whole year, from 6 a.m. to 10 p.m., i.e. 60 hours for the whole year, and for this Ku Let me get a side-by-side missionary income up to 2,000 rubles. Apart from my own root bread and bones from my store, I thought that he was very good at putting together a new team, Ivan Tim .. On the other hand, and Ivan Timofeevich was even more content, using through Kulepetov rubles with excess bank credit through which it was possible to buy excess 10,000 leather from the first hand, without overhead costs, i.e. without spending on trips to fairs and for transportation by rail, from fairs or from Siberia, and therefore Ivan Timofeevich il ѣ through Eulepetov at least up to 10,000 rubles annually excess earnings. Of course, we saw all this, but we couldn’t take it on our own side, because you didn’t have a suitable creditable relative, you were Vyatka, who would be us as a commissioner, if you could buy a starlet for money, delivering through his same commissary by. Take into account lei BENam had to. It’s only for you to take accounttd_______479_______ friendly bills from bank money, but also creditworthy relatives who, even with the ear of Fedor Timo’sFeyevichѣ he signed bills and we continued to sign, our company had only two: Anempodist Gervasievich Fofonov and Pavel Romanovich. Zarkin.I personally felt obligated to focus my energy on increasing bank loans. When Fyodor Timo Feyevich had the following permanent loans: c. Slobodskyѣ public - Antilatovskomt bankѣ - 5000 rubles; ѣ Vyatsky public - Veretennikovsky bankѣ - 10,000 rubles; in mutual loan in Vyatka - 15,000 rubles. V. Vyatskon branch of the State Bank - 3000 rubles; V. Volzhsky-Kamsky VE Vyatka loans were not announced by clients, but according to private sources, there were rumors that the loan was credited up to 20,000 rubles.I reported above that for the first year the heirs of Fedor Tim. They announced that they were leaving loans in the same size as the old F.T. Vakhrushev was open to.I tried to be friends with the lower ranks in the banks, because aboutTo speak directly to the managers then believed that I had not yet grown up to it. I have always kindly asked for advice from the control or accountant - is it possible to ask for more information?credit, or both accounting over and above the established and already filled norms. Once, the State Bank advised the assistant controllers Kurbatov: "When you bring into account good trade nonresident bills, and lend your overdraft, then apply for an increase in credit, while you are presented with good bills at the same time. add that all presented by you_______480_______the amount of bills в you got a new credit added. "In the course of 7-8 years, the credit of our company reached in Vyat - in the State Bank up to 20,000 rubles. , publicly Veretennikovskiy - up to 20,000 rubles., in public mutual credit - up to 25,000 rubles., in Volyasko-Amskimyat - up to 50,000 rubles. and in Sloboda public bankственном - up to 15, 000 rubles. On top of that, grandfather Fedor Timofeevich annually used money from his relative, a hivnago on Demyanka, Alexander Semenovich Likhachev, for 7% per annum. We, the heirs of Fedorovich, continued to use fifteen flats from the heirs of A.S. Likhachev this amount, on the same terms ...-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0--_______481_______CHAPTER 6.More about the family life of Peter Alexandrovich Vakhrushev.In the previous chapter, I described how, after the death of grandfather Fedor Timofeevich Vakhrushev, leather industry gradually developed and increased, and, in connection with this, our bank and private loans gradually developed.In parallel with this, I now find it possible to describe how our family life went.Above, I already wrote that I got married with a hip thigh Timo feevich 19 1/2 years, and Apollinarii Alexevna was 19 years. She married me from a small family in number of people, and Nashi turned out to be a huge seven - the 24th. Her life in such a huge seven seemed very serious and difficult, she had to get used to everything new in the order. I then depended on my parents, on my uncles and, mainly, on my grandfather Fedor Timofeevich. And indeed, the whole family depended on him. Even adult sons, i.e. my uncles, all the same, agreed on the instructions or instructions: what to do or where to go - with Fedor Timofeevich.For the first time, Apollinarii Alekseevna, naturally, often wanted to go to Vyatka with his parents, as well as with us for bank affairs / ie. men / went to Vyatka, I blow for a week, at least once a week, and sometimes 2-3 times when I, or my own children, then Apollinariya Alekseyevna asked everyone to sit down. But first go to ask the permission for a trip from the mother-in-law and the mother-in-law / i.e. my father and mother /,_______482_______then udumushki and grandmothers. But no one has ever refused the BE permission room, and the little fellow, when I’ve gone to Vyatka alone, I told her: “Come on, you’ve gone into the city’, you miss your parents. Ilodem, see me - I’m alone. ” One section Apollinarіya Alekseevna left with him Vyatka. When the last meal was finished, they began to gather home, Apollinariya Al. tell him that asking for permission to stay. Grandfather say: "Like so, but what do I say to Peter’s cabinet, ask - why did you leave it." She explained that her husband said that in a day or two he would have to hang around for some reason, and until that time he would break Shil’s to stay if she’d resolve the fool, then the old man would say: “It’s different if You have already persuaded him, then I don’t interfere - stay. "The first year it happened that when you get out of Vyatka, you cry all the way up to half the price, since it seemed to her that life in the big seven seemed very difficult. But this is what follows. years, in particular, when the first two children appeared, then although the venom was not easier, but apparently the ear was pulled I got used to it and got used to it, Hosh, I also often went to Vyatka, but I was already in a hurry from Vyatka to hurry home and didn't cry dear. I sometimes asked: “Why don’t you cry, what did you cry about earlier.” She denies : "Yes, and I don’t know about anything, probably, out of stupidity."After the death of the baby, in my opinion, life has become even more difficult. Previously, everything was headed by one grandfather, and after that, my family split into two halves, i.e. from his first wife: Alexander and Pavel Fedorovich - of them. Pavel and his family lived in Moscow, being a father and his family at home, but myE_______483_______ in general, only a quarter of / was represented in the case, - and Stepan, with his younger brothers and mother, owning the second half of the whole cause, had a double vote against mine. Thus, it turned out that he was leading the whole family, and through this, his wife, Alexandra Stepanovna, began to keep the main hostess at sevenѣ. Soon the troubles of misfortune and misunderstanding went. This entailed the separation of the economy, i.e. maintenance on two independents: Stepan with his mother lived upstairs, and being a father, mother and sisters - downstairs.When Pavel Fyodorovichi didn’t stay for a long time from Doskva, he was dining at our place, and the sleeping room at the top of the living room was on the floor.Horses and cows have so far been inseparable, for fodder. for them, they went through a common factory account. We used a milk com. Ot cow in half, milking the cooks in turn - ours or him. Horses worked at the factory all the time and used to work on the Vyatka or Slobodskaya horses, they used the same working horses, but, moreover, each one had one horse for their own benefit - easy and quick. Nobody worked on this horse and no one went even for business, without the permission of the owner of that horse, and the owner of the horse was restored, at about 4 o’clock, you got your horse back, and at least two, ride along the road. Takіya-not 2-3 horses were Nikolai and Alexey Ilyich. Stepan F. had a black sheep, bought a two-year-old, a foal, Gavrila Yak. The fur coat and fed up to 5 years is already with us, and pretty well ran. I had a brown horse, bought by my dad at the Semenovskaya fair in Vyatka, 3 years old and the same well-fed and extended up to five years old - ran fast too. Between Ilyich and us, a race was arranged on the tract_______484_______onetanie ve good weather, in the winter, on the first path, almost daily but, and then, when you go blizzards and the road goes bad, then we skated earlier, and then the weather stopped. At Stepan, the front hoof was pricked and the horse limped. He was tormented for a long time, he treated her, but he could not send anything - limp did not pass. Finally, they sold her to Demyanka to Tatar Ismet Ilchagulov for meat, and bought himself a small brown horse: she ran even better with a crow. Howl daddy again bought a beautiful brown horse at the Semenov fair in Vyatka; - turned out to be a good trot. Anѣ was no longer comfortable against. Stepan f, - I have two riding horses, and Stepan has one. At this time, the Slobodsky Zemsky chief. The child, receiving the treasury bribes, spit traveling, a rail to get a couple of his horses. It seems that Ilya Timofeevich Vakhrushev came up to him with this idea, and therefore he told him to find a suitable pair of horses and carriages — inexpensively. Nikolai Ilyich Vakhrushev came to my opinion - will we not concede whether we are for the zemstvo chief of our career,and they’ll give him his tight-fitting pocket to him, and there will be a very decent couple. I asked my dad; they do not wantto part with his beloved horse, but for the zemstvo chief, it was considered inconvenient to refuse - to give at the cost of eighty rubles, apart from the fact that they fed and kept them for three years, they almost did not live. Then I had one koury horse left, and Stepan had one. Potoa, two years later, Stepan F. bought himself a second brown clip, and I bought a second blue stallion in Orlovskiy district. Soon my koura horse was drunk and weaned, I had to sell it to the tartar Tatar Ismet Ilch gulov for meat. I bought a hair clip. In this way,Bn1 TXone.that one_______485_______ while we lived in the old house, we had a common horse, by pa ѣ - lightweight, and 8 working horses. When in 1895 we moved into a new house on the road, we added a flea of ​​shades: each of the visiting workers took their pair, and eight workers divided into four, matching evenly - young versus young, big versus big, so far, and they also divided four cows — two, one and two others — and not lots: whoever got the lot, each one took it without any offense. From their meadows, loaves, and straw from their fields, they also added half a llama, and then all the land and arable land added half as much. When parting, the third part of your garden, but in my house, planted with berry bushes, had to give way to Stepan Fed., His spare yard, on which he had built a new blast furnace for the tract. When, by calculating the square footage of the land occupied by the courtyards, it turned out that for the equation it was necessary to give part of the garden to Stepan F., Paul F. come and say Apollinary Alexeyevna: "I hope that you very much, Apollinary Alexeyevna, will be upset and greatly BE souls choose that all your labors have disappeared into the garden: we almost all the raspberry trees have given Stepan’s yard to F. for equal. " Apollinar Al. she listened calmly and said: “Well, what to do, if it was necessary to do it for the sake of good and in fairness, so I don’t have the right to interfere and take offense. Hinniks are not a particularly serious thing, you can do without it, and if necessary you’ll plant it in another place, at least in the vegetable garden. "Pavel F. was surprised that she reacted calmly and dully_______486_______woman to purely male business. He said: "Come on, thanks. Please, choose any place, although two, put it in the garden" or at the factory yard, if you want to bother with "gardens, and if you are tired, then even play a garden." But Apollinariya Alekseevna loved to mess with the gardens and, indeed, carried the raspberry. to the courtyard to the plant and to the garden, where vegetables. At that, two-thirds of the garden with a new house remained, i.e. real i handicraft garden and trees. This garden should be planted in 1894, i.e. when the house and the barns near it were not built, behind the barns, you are half-burned to the palace of Timofei Parfenovich and the garden was planted. For planning the garden and for planting, I invited the gardener Alexander Dmitrievich Rukomoinikov, Vyatskagск Muscovite from E Vyatka. He didn’t have his own small house near the Bogoslovskoe cemetery and the house had a small fruit and berry garden, a small greenhouse, a dirt shed and hotbeds, all in small sizes, but all with a commercial and industrial purpose. They cultivated radishes for sale in early spring, cucumbers - greenhouses, berries, melons, watermelons and roses, and more. Ethil and existence existed all year, fed with the family, and earlier he heard the gardeners at Zyrin in Kotelnich. We met him, offered to go to our village, to inspect the place and give advice - what and how to plant and make up with meta. On our horses we brought him to our village; Size all the place, he recommended. from the street, on the front side, an ornamental-shrub garden, calling it an English style, and the back end E is fruit and berry, in the middle there is a watercolor fountain, and on the side, from the side of the house, there are two rows of greenhouse for cucumber, radishes, arbuzov and melons. I drew plans and suggested that I have a drink.DTG.G,_______487_______To let out of Kazan the agricultural form. Or they suggested they go to Kazan at our expense, it’s better to choose and bring everything together with you. For all the work, including during the trip, he appointed one hundred rubles, and they asked for an appropriation of 200 to 400 rubles for the purchase. We immediately agreed to all this. With the first and the steamboats, at the end of April, they were poorer than Kazan, and in the first half of May they brought everything from Kazan, and BE Maѣ sѣѣѣьѣььььььььь был был был был был был был был был был был был был был был был был был был был был был был был был был был был был был был был был был был был был был был был был был был был был был был был был был был быль был быль был быль былььь был быльььь былььььььььььььььь был быль был быль был был быль быльь был был былььь быльььььььььььььььььььььььььььь ь On November 1, we ate radishes and cucumbers, and on Peter’s Day, i.e. In the end of the 1st year of old style, we already had watermelons and melons. As I wrote above, to bring watermelons and melons to the steamer before the evening, and the audience was surprised that from Vyatka, in the direction of Kazan, to bring melons and watermelons, while they were used to seeing Kazan imported to Vyatka, and that was only August. Въ I olѣ mѣsyats Apollinarіya Alekseevna 11 ѣhala s. two children, daughters Eugenia bI / 2 years and Olga 4 I / 2 years in Vyatka, and took with her a couple of watermelonsѣ and a couple of melons - decided to take the presents to Archbishop Alexis; they then lived at the archipelago dacha Khalkidonov, verstakh three in the Theological Cemetery. Apollinariya Alekseevna went to the cottage in a place with sisters. Vladyka accepted them very kindly. He just had guests - his son-in-law with his daughter and the Vyatka Mother Superior. All in the place drank tea on the terrace. Vladik put our daughters on their knees and began to take their exam Nova, which means prayers and verses. It turned out that they knew a lot of prayer, and the eldest, Eugenia / or, whatever we called her, Zhenya /, recounted the huge poem "Stepanida and Groin.", From a book given to her by the navigator of the churchtTEE_______488_______ and the confessor, Father Nikolai Dobrovolski vi. Knyaka was called "Moral education as the mother of children." Masters and guests. I liked it very much, and everyone was surprised that the little girl, who still could not read almost, had rumored to learn a huge poem and recited clearly, clearly, with changes, like a big one.EltSTEGANDA AND PAINT."Ah, what are we suffering forSo much grief and concern:Plowing the earth, to simSo that sweat is pouring in hail.The need would not press us, We-bъ didn’t see labor, If-b. Eve didn't taste itForbidden fetus. Isn’t it an offense - Nam endure for someone else’s sin? "Stepanida grumbled so much, Fields going home.“And Adamѣ is no less than to blame * said Pahom,"A husband is not wives otherwise,And live yourselves unto your own, If only our forefathers did not destroy the Share - We would live, let them live Paradise in E paradise. "one._______489_______Past the rich rich Barini good, tarovaty. He grumbled at the service and with participation said:"Do not blame recklessly for the Ancestors of yourselves. I’m a fool, it’s hard to live for you,But, vѣdѣ, this is not from them. You shouldn’t do better. I’m firmly convinced that If they themselves were to be placed further and better.True, we have experienced a lot and burned, and care, and ut you live in sorrowI’m ready to cook CE. In order to. You didn’t dare to murmur about your fate, I want a bitch on the road. Test your hardness.Tomorrow come to me; javaaѣ dam: special house .;BE HOME RYBITE, KAKI XOTITE,Take care of nothing. I won’t work for you. You won’t be taken away, You’ll be the thread, Sweet and rest._______490_______Your dress is very bad - I order another to give, and to the table four dishes. Serve daily.Only, WHAT is my condition, Firmly remember it: Eat all of you to your health,Kromѣ dishes of one. Vam will be unpleasant, If I’m too lazy I will drive Vasya back to the village For a broken order. "So he said, and said goodbye CE amazed 100 cheto. "Already not a dream, whether it was a dreamNam, IIakhomushka, with you. That will be our fun. ” and in the morning in the Barsky Dolt We stumbled for a housewarming party.Stepanіda and PaҲOME.Here, live on Hosoa mѣstѣ Our good couple, Pot, ѣdyat, gulyayut vmst -To know their happiness is not cured.In a word, to say is simply a miracle, How now do they live;Far to the table are four dishes.II.....g_______491_______ As much as you want, Fyu to satiety, Kromѣ dishes of one,! then it’s closed. Ily, so what and 14ї before him.To them: now everything is enough, Their need has left, - Only involuntarily torment themCuriosity sometimes. Going once for these 18 dishes, Stepanіda said: "What kind of food is under the hood. It’s a secret fly.If - it’s only blatantly zaglyan to go there gleaningly, or from the edgeThough lick, would be a tongue. Moving away from this, the Namh will not be with you, and you shouldn’t lose it, if we look at it. "“Well, please, it’s possible,” she said, “Look, be careful,So that the master doesn’t recognize. ”“ Don't be afraid, don’t know, ”tell his wife, and she will be able to open the secret dish..andoneT1Aone_______492_______ But, lo and behold: Change the covers - Who imagine their fear - two quick mice Quickly jumped out suddenly ..Stelan Ida screamed, Lowering her fear hands, and she almost fell,Drop the lid on the floor. the lid smashed to smithereens, BA markets hid themselves under the floor. By this time, the door opened and the barin himself entered.Hack Something you kept a word, “, Terribly shouted on them. "But didn’t you condemn"Their ancestors." Here is your instruction, They said useful, and again back, you are a village, I ordered you to go around.and they went, sighing, Into their village house, As exiles from paradise,CE is a broken soul. іlut them to the E shack ог wretched Now I don’t see the truth, A Pahom wife, dear, As if right, all the reign,}RRE_______493_______ "Cry a lot, do not help,"Finally he told her; "Anyone can condemn something,And don't make smart. "INThis poem is, after all, loved by our whole family. In this day, in particular, our daughters and granddaughters, from five years of age, memorized by heart and said once at all. convenient case, especially on the school tree.When was in our village built by Ivan Timofeevich. Vakhrushev. a parish school, our daughter Zhenya entered the school for seven years as a student, and you the very first Christmas, trustee Ivan Timofeevich, arranged a tree for the students. Ivan Timofeevich with his whole family and son-in-law to her, Mikhail Mikhailovich. Lytkin went to the school tree. Our Zhenya, among others. student, spoke to recite verses and once said "Stepanid and Pakhoma." All those present were delighted and very surprised at how this school opened for only three months, and such a small student managed to learn such a great number of hot works. They expressed a wish that it would be good to repeat, but it would not be difficult for such a small student. But Zhenya did not force herself to beg, she immediately and with pleasure repeated. This school tree was the first in our village, and indeed in general it wasn’t arranged earlier for us. When I was studying in the town of Slobodsky: I only heard that every year in Epiphany, on the 6th of January, the first city club, a tree is arranged and everything is allowed and 50 kopecks are allowed on that tree. from. man. Every year I dreamed - as if to visit and look at a decorated Christmas tree, but on Christmas day all the children’s students were taken from the city for 2 weeks home andІOKE::_______494_______the city was taken back only on January 7th, i.e. the next day after baptism. At school, you only hear with frustration from your comrades about yesterday's Christmas tree, and who received any gifts, as well as with envy, listen to how the city comrade at Christmas timeThey were repenting and rejoicing that nobody knew them. With annoyance do. You’re saying, it’s good and much to take part in masquerade.The first time I saw a discharge: the Christmas tree is already in its socks, BE arena, at the public festivities, where the past happened. with Andrei Parf. and That Tyana Pavlovna. Afterwards, when we got married, we CE Apollinaris Alekseevna almost every year visited the Vyatka club for the tree, organized by the club Yakubovsky E. We had our first house, when we lived in the old house, below. The wife was 4 years old, and Ken was 3 years old. She was discharged by newspaper publication from St. Petersburg by mail with a collection of Christmas-tree decorations for 5 rubles. A small Christmas tree was brought from a small forest, but no other colleagues appeared. They made and bought half a pound of garlic church candles / leftovers in their church. We arranged this Christmas tree in a baptism, on the name day of Apollinar Alekseevna. All Rukavishnikovs and our godmother Apollinaris Alex were with us on a visit. . Olga Pavlovna Kazenina. She took off the Christmas trees, decorated - a small suitcaseѣ and said that she would take away1 about her Avochkѣ. But earlier this bag. she imposed her love, she took a fancy to him as the best little thing. I grabbed the little case for Christmas tree. Dawn roared: “This is my suitcases taken. XE.” Nobody wants to understand what was happening. Finally, Olga Pavlovna! Asenina caught on, showing her suitcases and asking: "Isn't this, dad, looking.She rejoiced, took her suitcases from her and calmed down.All old men, no one has seen the early Christmas trees -* * *one.oneoneE_______495_______skikh discharged - love and shake your head. Vasily ІІap. say: "Look, at the Christmas tree some church, pyatnyshny, and your church, go, blow out, so save, strive to put an icon for a candle for it." After the last Christmas tree began to be arranged annually at the Christmas Eve of the parish and you parish, schools, and afterwards at home and in all the houses of the Vakhrushevs, one by one so that the Christmas tree almost every day took turns, and if there were not enough days, then two in one day: for some up to 5 hours. in the evening, and at another - after five o’clock. In it, they asked to make a tree to Ereshcheniya, because they had to send Vyatka or Slobodskaya to Vyatka or Slobodskaya to study at all after the Epiphany.When installing Christmas trees, there was then competition - who does not arrange a beam and who has better gifts. In recent times, records have been beaten. Alexander Ilyich junior: they brought all decorations and gifts from St. Petersburg and presented luxurious books and toys. Then, when I was a trustee. The school of BE school of the village of Uspenskoye, then annually, at our own expense, arranged the Ministerial School of the BE Christmas tree on the 1st or 2nd Christmas day, and we, as a wife and children, went there necessarily to the festival and carried additional gifts for children and all spectators. .Students prepared, under the guidance of a teacher, womentErmchavy karting, fables, whether or not, and various specialstories and penance. Gratitude and good wishes were expressed. I warmly welcomed the gratitude of the students and students. Explained to students E, H: 20 I myself began my primary education at the same school as the Assumption School. "IIpotiy and Bac - try, study, don’t lie down, listen to teachers and teachers and parents. When you grow up, you will earn, you,_______496_______ perhaps you will also arrange Christmas trees for the rest of the laziness of the little ones, and you will also clearly see and remember how. You studied here and had fun on the tree. "One Christmas, the appointed day of the Christmas tree in the village of Uspen. Please, guests have visited us. You can’t leave home, but I gave the floor to the appointed hour to arrive. Finally, are we rush: Apollinar Al. from. I went away for two, and I stayed at home with the guests. The Apollinar Al. Assumption is late by half an hour. There the tree is already lit and the fun has begun. Now, they all started from the beginning, the half of the program that was completed was repeated and brought to the end. From sitting there on the tree, and Apollinar Al. from. For two, she returned home for dinner and found all the guests. As a result, they were all satisfied: our guests and the public duty were fulfilled, and decency was respected.The only amusement at the village was to go one to another and guests. Earlier, with the elderly, i.e. with dah dah, they didn’t even play cards, for my grandfather was Fedor Tim. Didn’t play cards and didn’t allow cards at home? games, and after him, even after we had started, we began to play pretending, and then we darkened all our homes, like some guests would gather for a holiday, have tea, and now almost all of the guests will be distributed for 5-6 tables, in all rooms playing prefere - men and women. I began to play pretended to be married, when we returned from Moscow, and even after the death of two ears. I learned to play pretending with my father-in-law, Alexei Alexan Drovich Rukavi: III іnkova - he played very well and prefered and you screwed, and Vyatka was considered to be too big a player. Koi parents and Pavel F. and Vasily, Timothy Parf. could not play_______497_______ you pretend, and the old Ivan Timof. and Ilya Tim. and the rest of the Vakhrushchevs, the next generation, were already able and loved to play pretending for a little. Games of chance, no one played gambling with us. We had more entertainment in the village until 1900 there were none. Having made friends in the Uspenskiy side, marry my sister Anna Alexandrovna for Vladimirov Sergeevich Zhilin, we strengthened the friendship with the 1ѣsnikovs in the village of Spas- * soon. and with the family of Pavel Vasilievich Rylov in the village on the Gor * * rychk. Earlier we are with. Snouting and foresters were only signs and occasionally visited each other on their holidays, and related to. The zhilins turned out to be swvatstvo and with the Rylovs - foresters. Sergey Feofilovich. Zhilin was a native of the village of Stulovskoy / where the volost government. They were cousins ​​to Mikhail and Dmitry Ilyicham Zhilin, who lived in the village of Stulovskaya, and Sergei F. married and owned a house. KE to a small artisan tanner in the village of Uspenskoe, who had only one daughter, after the death of his father-in-law and mother-in-law, Serviy Feofilovich E remained a homeowner in the village of Uspenskoye and continued to tanny. Sergei F. Zhilin had three sons: Ivan Sergeevich, Vladimi Ser. and Ilya Serg., and the daughter of Augustus Serg. The last past, the last, was married to the son of Paul you. Rylov, on the Gorskaya small river, for Ivan Pavlovich Rylov, and his sister, Ekaterina Pavlovna Rylova, was married to Frolov Petrovich 1 ѣsnikov, and their brother, Nikolai Pavlovich Rylov, after the death of his father, passed on to the Gorskaya rivulet to live with Lымsnikov. and in the company were a large furrier. Then they built a big factory and a big stone! 1 doir at the factory in the village of Spassky. Thus, through Vladi_______498_______the world of Sergeevich Kilin with us, turned out to be kinship and matchmaking with the Pail and losnikovs. Naturally, they all celebrated at the wedding of our son-in-law, Vladimir S. Zhilin, attended weddings, and then they often met at Zhilin’s, became stronger friends and became obligatory guests, some at others, relations were established, as between close relatives.In my further social and commercial life, I had to touch a lot with the losnikovs. and N.P. Rylovysh, and therefore I am on time to introduce in due time, more detailed information to the families of Rylovy and Lsnikov.Pavel Vasilievich E Rylov was only one parthen Timofeevich. Vakhrushevs and Ivan. Vasilyevich. Half-hearted. When the Vakhrushevs started a small artisanal leatherwork, soon afterwards, on the Gorskaya River Pavel Vasilyevich Rylov began a small artisanal leatherwork together with his brother, Ivan Vasilievich; who was 10 years younger than Paul V.During the Turkish war, from Moscow on 14th of August, Aiziki Liolmonovichi Pevzner, I rented all the small small plants to work for Dolkiel, including Pavel Vasyl Rylov. Pavel you. Rylov liked to open himself for the purchase of raw materials, and to take him, Ivan Vasilievich Rylov, worked and managed the factory. So no matter how Parthen Timof. Vakhrushev, nor Ivan you. Dol Hushin, old people themselves didn’t go to fairs, but sent sons or nephews, or brothers, then Aizik. S. Pevzneri ordered that the youth ѣzdila together with. Pavlod you. Rylovs, he was acquainted with his leadership and studied at_______499_______ bathe raw materials. But all the trips then were limited to: Shadrinsk, Perm province; Ishim, Tobolsk region; Tyumen, Irbit and Nizhny Novgorod fairs. ІІавель Vas. Rylov was 5 years older than Konstantin Ilyich Nazarov, and therefore Pavel V. Rylov was known in Siberia before Nazarov and treated him with respect and full trust. But when he appeared, when shopping at large sizes for Alabuzov, K.I. Nazarov, after the Turkish war, 21koliel soon went bankrupt, then Pavel Vas. The steel BE of Siberia lost much importance, because it didn’t go to the contract, but continued its private leather It was made by making thousands of twenty leathers a year and selling whole horses every year at the Moscow and Nizhny Novgorod fairs, and therefore raw materials were bought a little in Siberia, but nevertheless, they annually went to Irbit and to Tyumen. Campaign: the first time my father, Alexander Fedorovich, went shopping, then. Vasily Parfenovich, Pavel Fedorovich and Timofey Parfenovich, and their descendants, alternately, all the sons of Ivan and Ilya Timofeevich lived with them. For all our people began to ride on their own, and when I started to go to Siberia with s. Vasil 'em arr., Then uve Pavel Vas. The snout is outdated and not ѣzdil.They sent the skins to BE Kosku in the spring, with the first steamships, through Bulychev or Tyryshkina, and necessarily fumbled like a storekeeper, they paid a free way there and back - but to Nizhny Novgorod, you’re in the third class. From Nizhnyago Novgorod, to Moscow and back ѣkhal v 3 classѣ, paying the cost - the railway bridge. ticket, 12 rubles for both ends. VE Loskvѣ stayed in the Kokorevsky compound, you are back building, V. 4-232 or 5th floorѣ for 60 kopecks. double or triple room to haveE!BUT)_______500_______ more profitable, 30 or 20 kopecks each. from. man. Moreover, he, like the eldest, was given a bed, the 2nd bedroom on the sofaѣ, and the 3rd on the floor For the roommates were also handicraftsmen of the Vyatka factory, and sometimes young people sent by their fathers. and from tsy still at home to ask Paul you. take their sons and raise their protection, rise when you look, and help them sellskin data.Ҳлѣбъ and pies Pavel Vas. they took them home with them for a couple of weeks, tea was replaced with tea and I went to Varvarskaya Square, I bought cheap balyki for 20 kopecks. pound. Thus, he ate very economically and sparingly all expenses. V. the resultѣ turned out: to go to Moscow, sell for 40 or 50 thousand rubles for 15-20 days, to raise money for sale with 4 percent seriey, which would increase CE by itself, and the total cost of maintaining and traveling was 25 or no more than 30 rubles. Everyone was amazed at how economical Pavel could be for you. Sailing for business, and all the leather artisans told their sons that you were learning from Ilavl Vasilyevich how you should lead and name the money, you set it as an example.At home, they also lived modestly, but decently, always hospitable but, at the same time as brothers Fedorom, Ivan and Ilya Vakhru shevy, Pavel Vasilievich was a Slobodsky zemsky vowel and a sworn jury. They served at the Savior in the village of a short church age. He had four children. Two eldest daughters: Ekaterina Pavlovna was extradited to Spasskoye village for Frolov Petrovich lsnikov, an ordinary peasant - a shoemaker; The second, Praskovya Pavlovna, was extradited for Nikolai DmitrievichAR:yes e_______501_______ Ҳlybova, on a demo, a handicraftsman, a leather-breeder.The eldest son, Ivan Pavlovich Rylov, was married to Av thick Sergeyevna’s home / sister of our son-in-law Vladimir Sergeyevich /. Her mother was two daughters: Augusta Ivanovna, who, after the last marriage, married Demyanka to Nikolai Pavlovich Krasnykh, and Alexander Ivanovna, who married the son of Slobodsky rich merchant Ion Kolotov, Nikolai Ivanovich Kolotov. Finally, the youngest son. Pavel Vas., Nikolay Pavlovich Rylov, did not marry during his father’s life and remained a bachelor for a long time.The eldest son of Pavel Vas. Rylova, Ivan Pavlovich, soon widowed. His first wife, Augusta Sergeevna, died after the second birth, leaving him two daughters. Widowed for 23 years, he soon remarried the daughter of a fur-coat Ovchinnago breeder Nikolai Ivanovich Bokov, Anna Nikolaevna, but. soon the sickness and die; The second wife of the children did not remain, and therefore the widow Soon, even during the life of Pavel Vasilyevich, was secondarily married to the widower, Slobodsky merchant Pyotr Iletrovich Popov.Senior son-in-law II.V. Rylova, Frol Petrovich. Lesnikov, was the only son of the peasant of the village of Spasskago, Pyotr Filippo Vichy Lesnikov, who was considered a good householder and for the wealthy; had a small craft: shil with his son and si under the master boots for sale and some fishing, rented public lakes near the river Vyatka and fished for sale in Slobodsky, then had a little beekeeping. Akin to P.V. Rylo, the last, last, after the death of Peter Filippovich, began to teach son-in-law, i.e. Frolo Petrovich Lѣsnikov, kee wheel, vein: planing the skin, and then the craftsmen, then determined. Frolo P.Tѣsnikova master and planer in the backwater_______502_______ Ivan Timofeevich Vakhrushev. After working for two years, tѣsnikov enrolled as a masterѣ at Demyanka, kE liikhail Ivan.Fosfonov.Tam about work only for ѣ six months and refused. Then Pavel Bas. Rylovѣ arranged in the village of Spassky, on the lake, to wash the wool from the ash skin and passed it on to his brother-in-law F.II. Tѣsnikov. In other words, ІІ.V. Rylov steel all wool with leather for giving in-law to F.I. Lѣsnikov credit. All year, F.P.Lѣsnikov on his horse took away wool from the village of Gorskoy riviechka and the village of Spasskoye, washing it with hired day laborers. In the spring, they again washed, dried and brought the Nizhny Novgorod Fair. We visited the brand F.il. Lѣsnikov, selling wool and then paid the price due to the price of the skin for the wool. All the fasting of the post - fell, as the use and coverage of the costs of washing, F.P. I’m from below. Ekaterina Pavlovna Lsnikova took an active part, especially in the spring, during spring washing and drying, observing and managing 40-50 donors. Then she was strong. But she loved dairy farming, she always kept a good 2-3 cow, she watched them herself, made butter in a primitive way and sold them. When they were visiting, they served a lot of copper and cream, thick enough that you wouldn’t meet anywhere, as well as boiled fermented milk with cream - I didn’t meet anywhere at that time. / Only at the end of the season there was already such a cream and Varents in Chepts, at Nadezhda Ivanovna Brovtsyna /.I wrote above that frol Petrovich lesnikov did not serve for a long time BE of the Sloboda Zemstvo administration as a member of the Zemstvo administration, since he was friends with a doctor in his area. Samoglyadov .. In the last lesnikov introduced me to. Samoglyadovymy_______503_______ when the last transfer to the service of the Vyatka Provincial Zemstvo. Before, I sometimes suffered very much and suffered from headaches and severe rheumatism of the leg. I watched myself carefully and listened to it, and said: “You have nothing to treat: you have any pain in your stomach. You teach yourself regularly to clear your stomach every day for one hour and everything will be fine. For example, get up in the morning at 7 or 8 an hour. — First go long, empty your stomach. If you want or don’t want to, go and sit there for 5-10 minutes. After 2-3 days, your bodies will get used to it and you will already have a need for this hour. " Although I didn’t lie and it seemed a good thing to hear from the doctor such a conscience, but nevertheless I tried to check it out. Indeed, from that moment on, my headaches completely stopped. Sometimes the stomach becomes clogged. or on the way, go on time in a timely manner, at a certain time you can’t clear it - pain will begin. I will accept castors commercially, clean up and again follow every day for hours.Regarding rheumatism, many Samoglyadovi said: "Contact Frol Petrovich Lsnikov, who should be cured by your bees sooner and later."Indeed, F.I. I tested the treatment of rheumatism for myself, and I fully recommended this remedy and willingly gave my bees to everyone, whoever turned to him for the purpose of treatment for rheumatism, and it is completely free, with great pleasure, exclusively from E love to benefit from the quick step and the cure of rheumatism in medical humanity. He had various statements, newspaper reviews from professors and various medical institutes that copper is very useful for the body, and that BE honey_______504_______there is a very insignificant part of bee venom poison, which is very useful for the human body. But this medicine did not go further, and, of course, not a single doctor accepted the method of stinging treatment. The bees. A F.P. It’s proved theoretically that beekeepers are always very healthy people, they live for a long time, they are mostly healthy and long-lived, and attributing this to the fact that the beekeeper often tinkers with beehives and - naturally, especially for the first time, clumsily handling beehives, the beekeeper is exposed to slough, bee venom, getting into the human’s blood, increasing blood circulation and poison disperses throughout the body, in greater proportion, through the chelydok with honey. I which medicine is even useful if known. And therefore, with frequent narrowing of Lebanon, the beekeeper’s whole body becomes completely refreshed, rejuvenated and freed from all diseases, BE concluded, in practice, Frol Petrovich proved that he healed himself with bee stings from rheumatism. I willingly believed him and asked him to sting me. He began to blame me: first, put 3 bees on each leg. The day was so painful and scary that I categorically refused more, and he said that for the first time it was enough, and what kind of tumor to subside, again pass through E a day or two. I will again prіhhal every other day. II left already 10 pcs., I.e. five on each leg. I already had less fear and pain. Two days later I still prіkhal. We put 4-5 more pieces. Takya ѣzdil 2 or 3 weeks to him, brought up to 50 bees. for coming. They started to put not only on the legs, but also on the back, and on the arms, and on the neck, in general, a little where the slightest rheumatic pain is felt - we put it there._______505_______I began to feel very well and hip, pains BE leg and B spinѣ, as it never happened, then I bought a couple of hives from F.І. Tѣsnikova and started at home a small pass, especially for the treatment of unary rheumatism. And at ѣsnikov’s sand has already grown to 150 pcs. Beehives and for their summer they deliberately spread their lime tree plot of the forest, and built a two-story summer cottage there. I also began to treat the bees with all the acquaintances with bee stings, "you, first of all, your hen and children and parents.I had a good friend in the village of Volkov, father and horse. By chance, I sat on a butter day on Saturday, I recognized Volkovo through E ce, and my deceased father deacon paid him money for delivering potatoes to our Lent to Great Lent. For when he brought the last take, I was not at home and for some reason they didn’t pay him to me without knowing why I bought it from him. I and Rishil on the way zahat to settle accounts. We talked how you are doing. O. Deacon said: “It would be good, but God sent a misfortune: the son of pain is rheumatism. For six months I feel sorry for the provincial hospitalѣ, don’t act, can’t step on his feet. The doctors refused to treat, they say - it’s inevitable, or you need to take your legs away “At least I’d already die, right away, where I shall go after him, when I am without legs, I will go.” I ask: "Yes, you have not gone so far - there can be severe rheumatism. Not another. Is there any disease?" O. Deacon to assure that the doctors assured him that a severe cold of the legs and a running, rooted matism. I told Father Deacon how I was cured of the rheumatism of bees by bees, and "if you are sure that your son has rheumatism, do you want to try bee stings, I can give you a bee for a test, though tomorrow: O. deacon and his wife cheered and CE_______506_______ gratefully asking: "Please send, curse Bokha. Mercy." In the evening I ordered and ordered my coachman, Izan Lucinin, to bring the hive from the warehouse to the warm place BE for water, and to get the matoshnik bees in the morning. take our horse and go into Volkovo to the father of the deacon, put his bees to the son of the cinema for testing, but did not say how much. The next day, t: e. Shrovetide Sunday, my coachman Ivan Luchinin scored a matoshnik bee and uhhal in the village of Volkovo. Let’s go back home. I call him to myself, I ask: “I went to the boy and put the bees. And how much. * Puchinin rejects:“ I put everything in full, how many were full of matoshniki ”I was frightened:“ Why, there’s probably two hundred and fifty more. It is possible so, for the first time it is necessary, no more than a dozen. He couldn’t bear his heart, they could die with Vasya by stinging, distracting him, I’ll have to. ”Lucinin said:“ What fifty, I suppose, about a hundred or so. I warned the deacon’s father that it was dangerous to put everything at once, and father the deacon held the boy by the legs, and his wife by the head, and both asked me to put everything. Dalchik roared at the whole house, everything was warm red. I persuaded everyone that it’s enough, there wouldn’t be a bad end, and my parents say that it’s all the same, it’s better to die, to take legs off. When everything was set, I stung the overshot, the boy calmed down and fell asleep. While we were drinking tea, he was all asleep. I’m still a sorcerer, but he’s all asleep. "The next day, during the Clean Monday of Great Lent, I need to go to Vyatka, but I’m disturbed - WERE ALREADY a boy, deacon of Volkov’s. I ordered the horses to eat in full and eat only Luchinin’s pohal on small toPfrom_______507_______Rogam in Vyatka through Volkovo. Pass in Volkovo to Father Deacon, I see that he is cheerful. I ask: “Well, how are our patients From the clerk to lead me to the window and show:“ Stink, I’m on the street and run down. ”I am surprised to erase the street and look at Father Deacon, I think that they are joking, they point to someone else’s I ask again: “Ї Please don’t joke, show me where your sick son is.” (see deacon that I’m worried and I’m not lying. Turns to me and say: “Pyotr Alek Sandrovich, you saved from great misfortune You should have been tormented with a footless son, and yesterday, after HE, I fell asleep, slept all night, slept in the morning we got cold earlier than ours, got dressed, grabbed the skid and ran out to the street. Come, drink tea, have a bite, and again, do not hesitate for yours shortly, feel sorry again, and say that he doesn’t hurt anything "I frighten:" Yes it’s like that, since you once said that they couldn’t get on their feet for half a year, is it true, something I don’t believe that after such a long and long-standing illness, everything soon passed, once, and the legs are so strong. " O. the deacon and his wife once again confirmed that it was completely wrong: "you couldn’t even get on your feet for six months and we prayed to God that it would be better sooner or by some miracle. I frankly say that “it’s my fault, I won’t warn Dil Kucher that you don’t have to put more than a dozen at once, you couldn’t stand your heart and the boy could die. Then I would have Vasya and I would have sorrow for my heart, that I not deliberately advised mendoval is a powerful agent and deprives the boy of life. If his heart has withstood, then this is already a miracle, and Boris heard the Prayer. " Then I didn’t see each other for a long time, deaconfrom_______508_______ nom. Twenty through twenty I shot him to you, Vyatka’s ear, was priest to no one. I ask him: “What, Father Vasily, are you, and how is my patient. Did he have rheumatism. Or was he sick or not.” Father Vasiliy unscrewed: “Thank God, I live an old-fashioned way, good. My sons, and your patient has already been married for six years and have already served as a deacon in Vozhgalakh. Not only has rheumatism not recurred, but it has never been ill for these twenty "It’s not a pain. He and we all always remember all with great gratitude and praying for God for you." I say to him that "if you pray for the inventor of the treatment with bees, then you should pray for Frol Petrovich Lisnikov, and I have already experienced the recommended treatment with bees and I continue to recommend others; in this case, your perseverance and risks were saved by your son "First, once, such a huge amount has already narrowed, and most importantly, his strong heart." After many doctorates, I once told this case of a cure for a boy from a chronic rheumatism. Almost everyone admits that bee venom is actually good for the human body, but in such large doses as I took as a boy and as a deacon, not a single doctor has the right and risk taking the same dose, but in small quantities, such as copper APPLIED to medical doctors, the results are almost indispensable. Therefore, doctors almost never use bee venom for treating people, but in medicine they have their tested medications for treating rheumatism.Sergei Feofilovich Kilin, continuing after the death of hisfather-in-law’s leather case in the village of Uspenskoye, enlarge that one, bought a house near the church. Knyazev, in whom there weren’t big shops. The whole Knyazevsky house F. Zhilin broke and _______509_______chy - -He built at the place of Knyazevsk house but a large, large two-story stone house, the best in the village. The store has built in a separate building near the house, on the other side of the gate, closer to the church, and under the mountain, on the same odviritsѣ, closer to the river, built not a large tanning backwater, verb, 8 saya. along the river and 8 soot. end from the direction to the house. The construction was started by the eldest son E, Ivan Sergeyevich, and therefore everything was made to the taste of Ivan Sergeyevich.The daughter, Augusta Sergeevna, was married to Yevgeny L. Rylov, during the life of his parents. Ivan Ser. he married Mariya Alexey, the daughter of the Demyansk tanner-craftsman, Alexei Egorovich Dorozov /, also during the life of old Sergei Feofilovi - cha. His second son, Vladimіr rSergievich Kilin, was vi soldates in military serviceѣ. During this time, Sergey Feofi lovichE and his wife died, i.e. father and mother Vladimir Sergeevich. The third son, Ilya Sergeevich, remained from his father a little younger. Khozyastvo I ordered everything independently the eldest son, Ivan Serpѣe vich: il. Sergey Feofilovich left a spiritual testament: all movable and immovable property was distributed to all three sons. in equal parts, but to the senior, i.e. To Ivan Sergeyevich, for the management of the business until the completion of the remaining two brothers, to allocate one thousand rubles of excess IZE capital, and to divide only the rest of the capital into three partsWhile Vladimіr p. Sergeevich was in military service, about a year after the death of Sergei Feofilovich, Ivan Sergeevich continued his father’s life in good stead. Upon the return of the price of military service of Vladimir Sergeevich, the cohesive work continued peacefully for another six months. After half an hour_______510_______yes Vladimi r. Sergeyevich married my sister ANN Alexandro vn. The match was Spasskaya prosforna Olga Vasilievna, but actually, i.e. gave official inquiries and advice Pavel Vasilievich E Rylovi and frol Petrovich Dsnikov. For whenIvan prіhkhali Vladimіrі Sergeevich Zhilini with his brother. / we knew and sent the offer, I went to Pavel Vasilievich Rylov the next day, asked him many ie o Khilinykh. They said: “The guys are good, young, sober and hardworking. The father’s capital was left at 10,000 rubles and 2 houses and a backwater, everything was left to all three equally, only one thousand more to Ivan Sergeyevich. I hope that within two years it’s not gone, but something, not a lot, increased. Then, if the world doesn’t work at all, can be divided, and the factory has 3 divisions. !! It’s a matter for everyone to separate and work. Give out your sister to you. "Then I hung out .II.15 snikov. They briefly said the same thing. Then we rejected Zhilin NOT consent and immediately there was a wedding.After the wedding, the Zhilins brothers worked .0 poli0, i.e. peacefully. Then troubles began between them and various misunderstandings. Living together has become impossible. I again went to Pavel Vasilievich Rylov to help me and to influence the senior - Ivan Sergeyevich, to influence Vladimir Sergeevich so that they would work peacefully and arrange - the trading house and the full accounting of the accountants, and not Ivan Sergeevich everything is good. For youngwie - Vladimіrѣ and Ilya began to state that a little bit with passionate passion for Ivan Sergeevich, and to the demandE. It_______511_______ reporting, does not pay attention to them, as the sole owner. Maybe the doubt and reporting requirements are not large or large? but in order not to inflate troubles, I would like to stop all misunderstandings at the root and create such a position that there is no ground for doubt and troubles. When there is a right - open for all bucket of haberdashery, then everyone will see and know his own and willingly all peacefully, unanimously try.Pavel Vasilievich Rylovѣ said: * I already had Ivan Sergeevich. I advised him, according to the spiritual endeavor of his father, to divide everything into three parts. The two younger ones, if you want, can still work together, but he may not even work at home, go to Siberia. "I told P.V. Rylov that when separated, the kaihdago would have very little money and a lack of their own eyes: it couldn’t “It’s the same thing as to keep track of the purchases, the factory was responsible for selling BE boards and labels. It’s better to combine them all, and work five more times. PV Rylovi unscrewed:“ I’ve restrained Ivan and it, but they decided to untie and leave for Siberia. And Vladimіr p. "Ilya let them work for a while, where there will be an opportunity for buying, and I will help a little, but for sales in Toskvѣ - you can help - you can live with Pavel F. all year round, so you can sell it through him." All I handed over these thieves to Vladimir Seryevich and give an oval to the world — to talk with Ivan lovingly, how to arrange a time. It took about a week. We decided to make a full section. Ivan Sergeyevich gives two-thirds of the goods and capital and real estate. . Vladimi ru and Ilѣ Sergeevicham !! or otherwise , but-_______512_______ then I sold my third part of the stone house and factory to Vlad Dimir Sergeyevich Kilin for three thousand rubles. All this was formalized by a notarial agreement through a notary Erm.P. Swagetorget Kago. And Vladimir Sergeevich lost to Ivan Sergeevich his third of the wooden house. Thus, Vladimir Sergeyevich became the owner of two thirds of the tanneries and two thirds of the stone house at the factory, and Ivan Sergeyevich - the owner of two thirds of the old wooden house on the outskirts of the village. For 14 years, Sergeyevichi remained the owner, as it was, one third of the plant and one third of both houses. P.R. Rylov: etc. lѣsnikov basically this agreement was divided and resale and parts approved.Ivan Sergeishevich Zhitin wrote off to Siberia with his friend Aleksandrov: 1ikhailovich Eagi others, who was engaged in the purchase of raw materials and wool in Barna Street, and agreed to help Yves and Sergey Zich 3 orin to organize the purchase and resale of such raw materials in Siberia, even for the first time accepting or in com - panіyu.Father of Alexander A. Kashin, Mikhail Alexandrovich. Kashini, a native of the Sloboda Demyanka settlement, Sloboda district. From Slobodsky they left for Siberia in about 1885. Tue Bar naulѣ and Biysk began to buy tanneries. Ash wool for 5 and up to 10 kopecks. 8i, they organized a tami-he about the factory washing the wool in the same way as washing the Vyatskie and Slobodsky breeders. This thing gave him up to two hundred percent interest. Bst Barnaul Skye and Biyskie factories, it contracted from 5 to 10 years, which insured itself. It is competitive with the distant Nemi. Thanks to this, quickly earned good_______513_______.ігітmoney and got into Barnaul a couple of bridges: In the city house and on the outskirts of the city there is a deposit for rolling and drying11 leather raw materials. His eldest son E, Alexander Tikhailogich, was still married to Demyank, the second daughter of Alexey Yegorovich Dorozov, i.e. to sister Mariya Alekseevna E. Ilina. Soon after the marriage, they moved to Barnaul with their father, and took the youngest brother, Mikhail Mikhailovich, with them. Like the Iin that you posedstva ke already HER already Barnaul. All of them were unanimous with their father and worked first for buying and washing wool, and then for buying raw kenna. Shortly after the old cichail Aleksandrovich Karina die. Brothers Alexander and Dichael Yiҳai? Kashin’s hunters worked together for two years, and then they lasted a long time. Alexander Mikhailovich Kanini with his son and sans again Sergeyevich. Zhilins and began to work independently, and Likhail Raikhailovich Kashini, CE. With the material support of his father-in-law, he opened an independent company and developed it into the Amillion business. He died soon. Alexander Tikhailovich Cavini, leaving his wife and teenager son, appointingguardian until the perfect son, Ivan Seryevich Khilin, and asked him to work with his son at his own expense and taking advantage of his loan 14k. Thus, Ivan Sergeevich E !! Ili’n turned out to be Barnaul, by chance, in the main chapter of the equipped business, and the steel continued to be pursued by the company: Ivan S. Қilin and the company. The deal gave a good dividend. Ivan s. * il. buy or, at prices in Barnaul’s city, a two-story wooden house for yourself, and after that, you can buy il or half of the curb from your nephew. In parallel with E Fashiny A, in 1880, they left Siberia for the Sloboda district, from the village of Bakharevo, Timofey Semenovich 2: Ekrukov, a tannery breeder. They settled in the city of PeBFROMFROMabout_______514_______ tropavlovskѣ Akmola region. Then there was no railroad to Siberia, but it was already projected through Petropav lovsk. There were only one tanneries in Petropavlovsk then - Zenkov. Mekryukov was rented by the Ishim river with a small house and an annex. In the annex, according to the set of ash pans and vats, pieces of 3-4, began to take shchikov-merchants from the raw materials to remove leather for 4 and up to 5 rubles. c. leather, and half the money ahead for the purchase of materials. When he sent out the first two or three small batches, then the goods sent out turned out to be very good, better than Zenkovskago. The merchants of the Tatars began vying with him to persuade him to expand the case and take for granted only for them. It’s more that Zenkov made leather only from his purchase of raw materials and from sales himself. Then Timofey Semenovich Mekryukov bought the loan that he had leased and began to build his own stone two-story backwaters, fathoms of 10 per year, at the place of the former wooden annex. In 3-4 years he built it with a productivity of up to 30,000 per year. and at the same time built a new two-story semi-stone house. Work in the factory on the extraction of other people's skin went on continuously and gave enormous earnings, without the expense of their capital, so T.S. Necrokov earned annually from fifty to one hundred thousand rubles. He spent half of it annually on building a plant and a house, and half of his earnings remained with him, organizing cash capital. He already began to desire to buy raw materials himself and to sell his own leathers. In the city, in the bazaar, in the tanning row, they bought a place and built good shops - shops, but there was no one to trade. Timofey Semenovich’s children had only four daughters,_______515_______and all malolutniya, but there were no sons. He was from Slobodsky drink the fat of his wife’s brother, Ivan Zotovich Rylov, with his wife and sons. The eldest son of Ivan Zotovich was to hang on daughter JacobGrigorievich Rylov, s. Mountain River | Pavel Vasil’s neighbor. Rylo wa /, and the second son of Ivan Zotovich was to marry a descendant, already in. Petropavlovskѣ. By prіzdz v Petropavlovsky, Ivan Zotovichwith sons Timofey Semenovich began to help work, and they assumed to arrange their trade in his tannery. With the help of art. Mekryukova, Ivan Zotovich Rylov bought not a big loan near the factory. Dekryukova, with a small and artisanal wooden leather factory. Continuing the service with Mekryukov, Ivan Zotovich Rylov began to take a little of the steel from the Tatars, raw materials workers, to produce raw materials for his factory. the price of it and the wife of the eldest son / the last, like a daughter to the skin of a Vennago artisan breeder, knew a little more tannery at home} they themselves worked in their own factory, and in Petropavlovsk. The case turned out to be profitable and interesting than Mekryukov’s service. At this time, Ivan Zotovich Rylov died, and his youngest son. got married. Then both sons of Ivan Zotovich finally left the service with Mekryukov. With the support of the father-in-law of the youngest son, Ivstory added a little plant, began to independently conduct their leatherwork, i.e. to take Ot raw materials on their own; raw zikov raw yielded ku, but the prices have already dropped to 2 and 3 rubles per skin, but still it was very beneficial. But at this time the railway to Petropavlovsk already passed through Siberia. The tannery breeders from E Vyatka - Slobodsky and other districts began to buy raw materials. Russia. Prices on Surya have risen, and therefore raw materials. began to give less for production and lower payments -_______516_______ I appreciate the price. During this time I also started prіzdat in Petro Pavlovskѣ, approximately in 1896 or 97. Then I met with. Timothy Village. Nekryukov and his brothers Rylov, heirs of Ivan Zotovich. There were two brothers and both called: Ivan Ivanovich the elder and Ivan Ivanovich the younger. My first wishes were V. Petropavlovsk, they helped me to take and pack raw materials and send them to the railway, and after them they signed friendly bills, and I - they signed I was able to get a piece of leather from the raw materials workers, handing out their good conscience, and that they give out no worse than Dekryu Kova, moreover, that Mekryukov had already completely transferred to develop only his purchase of raw materials and the sale had already been issued with my skins. Marry the eldest daughter; he has arranged for a son-in-law, in * the qualities of a trusted and companion, to trade in the shop for leather goods.Among the Vyatka and Slobodsky breeders, these two examples of leaving are Barnaul Kashin and his family, etc. Nekrokova’s Petropavlovsky, and their quick success BE dulakh, strongly attracted all the small breeders to Siberia, moreover that you in the Vyatka province and small small artisan breeders opened up a lot and understood a great deal of competition between them. They worked almost to no avail, and often many at a loss). Therefore, Ivan Sergeevich E Zhilin willingly and inexpensively sold his part of the plant and home to Vladimіr Sergeevich.Vladimir Sergeevich, having separated from Ivan Sergeyevich, worked with his brother Ilya Sergey for the first year. The first summer I had a dinner in Tyumen at the fair. With the help of Pavel Vas. Rylov, I bought one and a half thousand leather from the Tyumen merchant Nigmatulla A._______517_______Gikhmatulin to be credited. But by paying. Ivan Sergeyevich bought 3,000 rubles for the purchased part of the plant and the house, having procured some material, it turned out that his money was Vladimira and Ilya Sergey. there is very little left, and for six months, while the product of this item is being sold, we must have working capital. Japonhal s. Vlad.Serg.Ilinom in Vyatka. Introduced him to. Paul. Petrovich. Kla bukovymӣ, for I have heard that Pavel Petrovich Club persuade to give money to small breeders for small loans on loan without any collateral, but simply to raise a bill, but only to whom you know and want to help. Personally, for his firm, P.P. Klabova had previously taken 3 or 5 thousand rubles, but for a few days, or for a week. He took interest 20 kopecks. from. thousand rubles a day, it was 7 I / 2% per annum. I met V.S.Khilin, I frankly told him that he had a lot of new things, limited funds, real estate is good, and there are no loans. Bring the raw materials to the fairs, and for work and materials you need three thousand. Is it possible to lend or advise how to arrange a loan to the bank? Pavel P. Elabukovѣ said: “Well, I’ll be happy to give 3,000 rubles a year, at the rate of 7 1/2% per annum. Let him come back in an hour and write a bill, and I will prepare the money.” We come through frequent. p.p. Elaba kovі serves. Zhilin 3000 rubles., OTE took him a bill, other tal, and Hilin at that time counted the money. I ask ІІ.1.1. Klabukova: "Maybe you want me to sign a guarantee as well. In this case, I can sign it." P.II. Kla bukov say: "No, I know Vasya, and I knew your grandfather. If it were doubtful, then you would have brought him to me. It’s nice to help a young man starting a childhoodd_______518_______well, and you should also take pleasure in seeing that you are eager to try to help your sister’s husband, have come, I have openly told you everything - it’s only honor to give you. ”Thank you to P.P. Klabukov, six months later I was visiting V.S. Vilin in "Irbit." He had to buy some raw materials there, but he didn’t have enough money. We came from Vlad. Sergei K. to Konstantin Ilyich Nazarov. I told him that I should help Zhilin , in a bank, to get someone a little money. EI Nazarov, without saying anything, took a page of postal paper, wrote two lines: G Dear Alexander Nikolayevich, the submitter can have three thousand. Then say: “Go to the State Bank: take the register form, write and attach a bill, and, as my letter goes, go to the brothers office. Kamenskikh. Ask my name for Alexander Nikolayevich Kamen Skago. Tell him what Vam needs for Kilin V.S. open a loan at the State Bank and take this bill into account tomorrow, but Konstantin Ilyich Nazarov will not be in the committee tonight and sent you this note. "All of you for sure have done this. We are ready to go to Kamenskago’s office for a long time Nazaro wa - Vakhrushev and Khilin. A.N.Kamenskiy invited us to your office, I briefly said something, showed me the register and the note of E.I. Nazarov.Reading the note, Kamenskiy did not look at the register and the bill, just ask again - in whose name you need to credit and take into account. Dy explained that Vladimir Sergeyevich Eilin. Kamensky took a pencil and wrote down the back of Nazarov's note: Vladimir Sergey Zhilin. They said to us: "Now, bring the register and banks. Go to the committee in the eveningѣ and get money tomorrow. "_______519_______there was. The next day, V.S.Zhilin, checking the bill of exchange, received 3,000 rubles from the State Bank. Iz Irbitskoy Yar brand pohal with goods. and money.The first year of his independent leatherworking went well and in a year the net benefits of a thousand came in II / 2 or 2. In the fall, Ilya Sergey. Ilina was called up for military service since he was 2I years old. He had to inject his part of the capital. But at the same time, he agreed to sell Vlad. its part of the plant and the stone house for 1,500 rubles. I had to pay this amount to him. He invested all this in banks for storage for% while he was in the military serviceѣ. Vlad Serg. Zhilin became the official owner, the sole owner of the plant and the stone house of the village of Uspensky. But it was difficult for him to work with the remaining limited funds and almost without bank loans. Pavel Petr. Klabukov again gave him the same amount in the second year, for 1%. I also obtained the money from the director of the Vyatka public Veretenny kovskago bank, Ilya Nikodimovich Zheludkov, so that they could open V.S.Zhilina with a loan. 3000 rub for 6 1/2%. Thus, he already had a loan, except for raw materials, up to 9,000 rubles. Thus, year 2 or s Vlad. Sergey. Zhilin to work in the village of Uspensky. But you mean great competition between local artisans, and exclusively credit purchases of raw materials, from V.S. quilting did not flourish - annually slightly made ends meet. And from Ivan Serge. Илиilina iz Barnaul began to receive information that they got settled, works in Barnaul ѣ Kashinits and earns well. Steel and Vl. Serg. to dream and consult with me - whether to liquidate him in the village of Uspensky, but not_______520_______ to leave Siberia.During the same period of time, as a family, I moved from an old home to live in a new house on the road, open a grocery store, a store under the house, and a lift: Goods from the store of Zakhar Andreevich Platunov. But the rights and trade would be in the name of Apollinarіya Alexѣenna Vakhrusheva. For I myself was in the trading house "F.T. Vakhrusheva S.", and under the contract of the trading house, I did not have the right to conduct any business on my own behalf, and secondly, in the name of my wife I had the right to borrow from her behalf of participating individuals and in banks.For this store, we, for the first time, took a bailiff. Slobodsky fellow citizen Ivan Nikolayevich Ukhov, until recently I served with Ilya Timofeevich Vakhrushev, also ordered * com in the shop. A month before our shop was opened, they quit Ilya Timosf., Lived at home, and when our shop opened, we took it. Naturally, Ilya Tim. It was doubtful that I had lured Ukhov away from him, as an experienced seller and a knowledgeable customer. And secondly, Il Tim. it was unpleasant that we were in competition with him opening a 2nd shop. | My secret goal of opening a shop was exclusively to receive from Ilya Tim. one thousand and a half rubles compensation annually, and so as not to stop him from trading alone. But he didn’t offer us this, and I didn’t bother to send this offer to him through anyone and I didn’t dare to tell him directly about this. So my secret thought remained unfulfilled.Open the shop, I had to trade, Ilya Tim. troubles began. They began to hate me and the steel of our company, where it’s possible to harm and spread personally and through2:_______521_______of his sons about the unreliability - creditworthiness of our company - at home in front of the bankers 1, and in Siberia - before the raw materials makers through E Alexey Ilyich. But both in the bank and in front of the crew, it was against the odds of “Ostantin Ilyich Nazarovi, the authority of which was excessively covered with all kinds of rumors accelerated by Ilyich. The shopkeeper made it very difficult for us to start our house. Besides the clerk, Ivan N. Ukhov, we are for lavas the ki took another boy and the cashier - the saleswoman, Alexandra .. Gavrilovna Grѣҳova, daughter of Gavril Yakovlevich Shubin, who was given out to the Slobodka factory, issued to Slobodskaya as a citizen grokhov, and who had widowed /. She, before entering us, was trading in village fairs with the help of the manufactory and in the clothes, buttons 11, needles, generally peasant women’s var. Relying on her experience, we believed that she would be able to develop our trade in these goods as well, and I ordered her to take Vyatka, a wholesale store from Torochko va Although you want to buy all the merchants / different peasants for some goods, the necessary quantity is needed. You can be good at the fa client and give her a percentage. By common efforts we took the goods, three or three, and brought a whole take. I didn’t pay money, of course, but Torochkov convinced A.G. Grigov that it wasn’t suitable, and money could be waited for by II.A. Vakhru Sheva. When they brought the goods from Torochkov, I, who didn’t understand the shopkeeper yet, said: I don’t have to sell five belts BE BE for five years. Ivan Nick. Ukhov also confirmed that Ilya Tim had a shop. five hundred rubles a year were sold for these goods, but no more. We proposed Al. G. Grѣkhova, together with Ivan. Ukhov, of all_______522_______  to bring back the brought only more running gear, and in limited quantities, and the rest should be returned. I, having handered according to my wishes to Vyatka, went to Torochkova and said that we would return the most part of the goods, because A.G. Grѣkhova thought through rural fairs, not knowing the clientele of our region, but the senior clerk, knowing the whole region , to say that some goods you won’t be able to go away at all, and some are very few, and only have to take a seat in the store, gather dust and make yourself worthless. After talking about everything, finally, the Torochkovs agreed: "Leave what is needed, but return the unnecessary." Leaving. rubles for 600, everything else was returned to Torochkova without any troubles, and as a result, some needle goods bought from him for 200 or 300 BI years, but not more. Most of the goods sold through our store were from Ontsu Santsova, from Vyatka, and Ot heirs to Zakhar Andr. Platunov, from Slobodsky, and there was a lot of drying from the specialist of the investigator Korobov - up to about 100-120 pounds. at. Week of Korobovo drying was sold only by our shop, and Ilya Tim’s shop was sold not less than the same amount. Ilya Tim. did they start drying the oven at home, and did they try to buy sushchnikov from others, but there was no better Korobov drying of the VE of the Vyatka province. Korobov developed the drying business, having begun to eat small-scale production, and then, with the help of wagons, he wrote out rolls of crushed mill and mill in two and one exch. daily consumption of grains for drying. He sold drying only for cash, he didn’t give anyone a loan, and he got customers from all over Vyatskago, Slobodsky and Orlovskago every day, waiting in line. Every day, 50 to 100 horses were waiting in line for him to load drying carts. K us._______523_______ 5-6 deliveries were brought every week, on a certain day it was determined that he had already prepared for usѣ. He also tried to set a specific day for others. For cash, we had to start drying boxes, but from Suntsova in-Zakhar Al. Plunov’s calculations went from year to year, not more than once a year. They submitted bills in front of the Nizhny Novgorod Fair. Sometimes we paid them at the fair in full or in part, and sometimes we asked to wait until November or December and they never protested, they always kindly agreed, so the shop didn’t require any working capital for me and it was easy to do this, but with the service staff not a little difficult. Eve Nick. Ear, there were already old people, quiet. Al. Gavr. For some reason, Grѣkhova soon left. During her stay, as early as the first month of service, we learned that in Slobodskoye, at the dairy factory, the shag rose in price by one and a half rubles in a boxѣ, and therefore at the same time all traders increased the price by 2 rubles in a boxѣ. We didn’t have a reserve and on this day we just went to Slobodskaya, just wanted to bring a box of 5 or 10. Ukhov returned from E Slobodsky, bought only a little box and told me that Ilya had a box - about a hundred. They still don’t know the new value, about so far give on the old price. You can’t buy anything from them, but it’s inconvenient to go a lot, they are angry with me and they guessed at all. "Alexandra Gavr. Grѣkhova said that she didn’t know her, she went and bought - it would say that she was Vyatka. She dressed on the road, came to their shop, said that she had heard that they were buying wholesale at the Nizhny Novgorod Fair and they were no more expensive to shop than the Sloboda factory, then I would like to find out the price and buy one or two. what_______524_______ they have a large stock, willingly sell two carts. Assigned an old price, but only for cash. Grѣkhova said: “Perhaps this price is suitable, but I would like to have a look at others, if it’s impossible to get the two-headed one out of the box. I’ll go to the next shop and I’ll manage the house.” Her clerk said that they had stock big ones, they buy 2-3 boxes each at Slobodsky or Vyatka, "you don’t buy anything there, but to check our words, go and take a look." Grikhova come and say many things: “Give 2 carts, 50 box. according to the old price. Let's get the money soon. ”I gave her 500 rubles. She returned and said:“ You are right, they have nothing to pass on. Sing demte into the barn, indicate which boxes are many - let them go: are they whole, not broken, and aren’t soaked. "They went into the warehouse, she counted how much they had in stock.” It turned out to be a little over sixty. I returned to the shop, demanded to write an account with stamps, paid the bill in full. The order was growing and I received money. Grѣkhova gave me the Rusanova’s money, hired two carriages, loaded 50 boxes on carts and drove you Vyatka. You reach Ivan Prokofievich Rusanov. My name’s father put the boxes in his “barn” until evening, and when it got dark, all 50 boxes were transported on our horses by the way. We were all interested in the invasion for 75 rubles, but we were very happy that they deftly outperformed our competitor. And two days later, they found out that it was ours trick and that this is all the result of higher prices for the factory. They were very dissatisfied, and Ilya and his sons were even more angry with me. After AG Grѣkhova, the wife of our accountant, Augusta, came to our shop regarding our orphanage_______525_______Mikhailovna Ivanova, 10 rubles a month. She worked for a year. Then Yves. Nick. Wow, Ilyich’s father lured us into Glagov, BE clerks to Bihail Natvievich Stolbov. We took a temporary clerk, Vyatka, I don’t remember his last name, Augusta Mikhailovna refused to cash. You took cashier Nadezhda Mikhailovna Selvakova / nee Oparina /. She didn’t know the merchant, and the clerk of the new was bad at drinking and drinking. It seemed that it was completely not to go, or it would obviously give a loss. Then Aleksandr Aleksandrovichi Case Nin, the need of my cousin Elizaveta Alekseevna as a case, recommended that we take as a clerk his bastard bail from A.V. Bashmakov, a young man of about 20 years old, a peasant from the village of Bobinskago, Aleks Fedorovich Babintsev, who, it turned out, knew well and knew how to attract customers. Pil came to us, lord, for the old man of the clerk and for the cashier, but began to keep him two boy-looser. Things went well, and they continued to serve ten at our place. Laundry gave us an annual rate of 1,200 to 1,500 rubles. pure benefit, without requiring me to spend 88 material resources. and your personal work. The first time we were willing to go to the shop to help you, soon because of curiosity, like a new child. the toy was of interest, then they began to help only after Sunday, after the days when the people from the church, after the liturgy were crowded, filled the crowd. Then the clerks and the boys all the time, they try to satisfy everyone as soon as possible, so that those who don’t expect can’t leave for 13 payback. Then we went to help at least cash and ensure that no one left without calculation.MIX ITIIh_______526_______ But in the aftermath, under Babintsev, we ourselves began to come to the shop less often and more rarely, and he adapted and managed with his assistants, coped without nasi.The shop in the name of Apollinarіy Alekseevna many benefited not only from gaining from 1200 to 1500 rubles. per year, but it made me easier in financial terms: I, while maintaining a fixed and good relationship with the director. Vyatskago Veretennikovskogo Bank, Ilya Nikodimovich. Zheludkovym, every year bought through it rye flour for the plant, and partly for the shop. At one time I turned to him for advice that, in addition to the trading house, I personally have my own trading business for IVAI’s wife, and for this additional working capital is needed. Could it be possible to open, apart from the trading house, a separate loan in the name of Apollinarii Alekseevna Vakhrusheva. De goods for the shop we buy part from Suntsova, flour from Vas, drying from Korobov, and so on. Ilya Nikodimovich said: “Submit a statement signed by Apollinar Al. Vakhrusheva, and ask them to sign Suntsova and someone else. I hope that you can open loans until 5,000 rubles, and then, after E year, you can increase if necessary” . So they did. Immediately according to the recommendations made by Suntsov and Korobov, they opened a loan of 5000 rubles. A year later, they increased to 10,000 rubles, and another two years later they increased to 15,000 rubles: Thus, thanks to the shop, I used collateral loans of up to fifteen thousand rubles for b 1/2%. This greatly facilitated the financially material situation of his firm ѣ trade house "F.T. Wahru Sheva S.I." For I have repeatedly written above that Yai Pavel F., in the first year after the death of Fedor Timofeevich, was sentKr_______527_______overspending on weddings. For these cost overruns, we paid 6% of the company for 7%, but this was not limited. Two years later, with us. there were weddings again - I gave Anna Aleksandrovna all for Vlad Sergey. ilina, and Pavel Fed. gave the second daughter, Mariya Pavlovna, bio bio well, for Pavel Vasilyevich Martynov. Again, against us, Stepan had a large over-expenditure, and again, %% was accrued on us. In addition, we received only 4000 of the company’s earnings for the construction of the house, allegedly for equalizing with the old ѣ ским ским ским house, which we left to Stepan and his brothers, and the initial cost of a new house ’on the highway cost us 18,000 rubles. Thus, we sent an overrun up to 14,000 rubles to the house, i.e. 7000 for me and s. Pavel F. We were obliged to pay interest for the eshi amount. But Stepan, in parallel, also began to choose the company’s company every year for 3000-5000 extra and put aside a bank in the name of his vein, and then out of these sums he built on the track, next to us, a new house for himself, and the old I left the house for Ivan and Vasiliy. But our expenditures and the choice of capital from the company still exceeded, and I still partially helped the son-in-law, Vladimir Sergeyevich Zhilin, from buying up parts of the factory and the house of Ivan and Ilya Sergeyev, so that it was very difficult to turn around I’m financially related, then I would have had an overrun not only against it. Stepan's brothers, and also against Paul. Yes, moreover, the company did not prevent the company from overspending for weddings and building a house, paying 7% of it, but to my personal shop and to my son-in-law V.S. To Ilin, of course, in no case did the firm have the power to choose capital from the general business. So I.._______528_______having, through the shop, a loan to a bank in the name of his wife, were almost equal to the rest of the members of the trading house. I took a century to register with Veretennikovsky Bank in the name of Ap.Al. Vakhru Sheva I signed with Alexander Alexandrovich Kazenin, who, having married my cousin Elizavetѣ Alek ѣevnѣ Kazenina, left the service from: Alexey Vasilyevich Bashmakov, bought from the city of Vyat bridge the house and opened the fish and grocery trade in the guest room, near the Cathedral Square. Part of the money is far from him, however, to take us, Ivan Alekseyevich Kazenin, who at that time was bugging or BE Moscow from the Makarovs. His father, Alexei Ivanovich Kazenin, had BE Vyatka, a living room nearby, a shop merged in the name of Alexei Ivanovich Kazenin, although it actually belonged to all the sons of Ivan Andrianovich Kazenin, but after the death of Alexei Ivanovich, that shop, according to inheritance, was transferred Kazenin. While they were young, Petr Ivanovich kazenin ordered a senior to take his father by renting a bench for rent to Perestoranin, receiving a completely rented body - that’s all, and disregarding this amount for the maintenance of himself and his family, as well as the family of his brother Alexei Ivanovich. When Il'etr Ivanovich died and reached the perfection of Ivan Alekseyevich, he was offered to establish himself in the rights of inheritance and dispose of the shop. They considered it more profitable to sell the shop to Alec to Sandra Andreyevich Khlbnikov for 10,000 rubles: and the money was transferred to: the sister’s husband, i.e. Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Kazenin, who still had his small funds backed up. Thus, he also made a purchase of a house and opened a fish and grocery store. But he also needed a loan from Bakov, for the higher decree_______529_______ Amounts paid were not enough for business. I assisted him through the same I.N.Zheludkov to open a loan in his name and we, together with him, the name of Apollinarii Alekseevna, were credited to the Vyatka public Veretennikovsky bank.When the consecration of the temple was in: our village, we still lived in the old house, at the factory. Soon after the consecration of our church, His Grace Archbishop Sergius was from Vyatka re-entry into Astrakhan. His clergy Bishops Barsanuphius temporarily drove in, and on the other hand, he was appointed priest of Vyatka, appointed to the cafe there is the Cathedral of the Archbishop Alexy. At this time, the entire Wahra Sheva, the builders of the temple, received monastic rewards for the construction of the temple, including my father, Alexander Fedorovich., PavelFed. and Stegan Fed. received a gold medal for the chest, and Vasily and Timofey Parfenovichi - for a silver medal for the chest. Ilya and Ivan Timofeevich get a big medal on the neck. That is why Ilya Timofeevich suspected that with a passionate presentation of the awards to our new rector of the church, Father Nikolai Dobrovolskago. For Parfenovichi donated a large sum for the initial construction, and Fedorovichi - half as much. According to Ilya Tim. Parfenovich should give gold medals, and Fedorovich - silver on the chest. But, apparently, Father Nikolai Dobrovolsky, when introducing, emphasized that the feudalists, apart from participating in the construction of the entire church, at the same time at their own expense, were set aside for the church under construction, fully equipped with everything necessary for worship, sanctified and, until the whole the construction of the temple, in this case, during the service, half a year:two toruska.Att_______530_______ So it was, or else - I can not vouch, but the facts are on the face: Fedorovich received the highest award against the liarfenovich. For this, Ilya, t. Did not like the rector of the temple. Soon we moved to a new house and immediately opened it under the house. shop in the name of Apollinarіy Alekseevna, taking Ilya T. dismissed them. clerk Ukhova. Then Ilya Tim. He hated me. In our newly opened shop, they began to buy everything for testing, like a merchant’s car. Then, to the new priest, Father Nikolai Dobrovolskiy, they began to buy part of it in our shop, but partly in the shop of Ilya Tivi. Then Ilya Tim. finally hated father Nicholas voluntarily. Partly still because Father Nikolai Dobrovolsky had an invitation to the village at the stand on the recommendation of Dmitry Palovich Suslolarov, father-in-lawIkhail Ivanovich Vakhrushev. When the construction of the temple was going on, all the builders of the temple, the brothers Vakhrush, you lived meh_d in yourselves peacefully and peacefully, and everything came up with general agreement. * His Grace Sergiy, even on the foundation of the church, said: “You should look for a priest in advance, send yourself to try different villages. If you like it, you’ll go to the center, together, please. If it turns out worthy, then I and him appoint ". After the recommendation of Susloparov, Vakhrushe invited Father Nikolai Dobrovolskago to serve a trial and trial in the basement of our church. I liked his service. Then Ivan Tim., At the time of signing all the builders of the church, signed with his father and Nikolai Dobrovol, blessed His Grace Blessed Sergius, and then Dobrovolsky was appointed rector in the newly opened parish. First, Ilya Tim. belonged to father Nikolai Dobrovolsky: TYTAfour ..*g.B---but.. --"from_______531_______ good and in all were im content. But when happened between Ilya and Ivan. Timofeevichs first troubles because of the same for their daughters, Mikhail Matv Столevich Stolbov, then Ilya T. and Ivan T. hated each other and through it Ilya T. from the relationship with the chosen one is important! by Ivan Timofeevichy, priest of Dobrovolsky. And for that reason, due to the reasons listed above, it came to the point that you served only one church, one - the head priest, the other - the church headman, almost did not talk to all the others, except for official need. Ilya Tim. finally stopped visiting the priest and E ce wasn’t invited, except for the special corrections required or glorified iii.When the new Archbishop Alexy arrived at the diocese, then Father Nikolai Dobrovolsky vsѣ Bakhrushevs reminded us that we should meet each other, by the way, thank you for the presentation of the KE monarch’s award. But almost all of them refused to go to Vyatka, considering it too overwhelming for themselves as important dloms, never having been with the Archіereevs and some peasants without leaders. ѣkhit to ѣ to introduce themselves to the Arch. Рѣріи - whether it’s that when the new Architects pick up BE Slobodskoy, the door will stop to watch our E temple; then already father Nikolay and present to all His Grace Blessed Alexy. 1 Indeed, soon Vladyka was a khalker from Vyatka to Sloboda, warning that he would touch a new village as well. Nastoyahel prepared to intervene, and the headman prepared the message after the church in their home with Si ҳ lombom-salt,When we went from the church of Il Il Tim. In the house, sPreo -I AMtoKe_______532_______ sacred from the E Vyatka prhikhali senior protopriest of the cathedral, father I Peter Porfiryev. They told the clergy that the priest and the deacon pour in with the Reverend. The elders. Then Father Nicholas asked him how to arrange in order to introduce the Masters and the rest. Vakhrushevs, builders of the temple who wish to get acquainted with the new. Lord. Archpriest Porfi ryov asked the Lord, and the Lord said:; “Let them blow that da-yak into the house of the church elder, the abbot will present them, and then I will ask them”, then Father Nikolai Dobro - Volsky sent a psalm-keeper to inform Rb all. Ivan Timofeevich at that time was on a demyanka. Parfenovichi and Stepan Fed. from seemed to go to Ilѣ to be introduced to the Bishop. But what Father, Alexander Fedorovich, and Pavel Fedorovich E hesitated to eat, but said that if Father Nikolai advises, then it means to go on. Send and eat them. Reveal the house to Il Til. The front staircase was open. We went into the hallway. Father Nikolai, apparently waiting, instantly saw us from E for la, told his father Archpriest Peter Porfiryev. Father Protopriest instantly went into the hallway, asked us. Into the hall, cognition lodged with us and said: "I now shall inform the Lords." Send a drawing room, where the Lord sat with Leave Timofeevich. Vladyka interrupted the conversation ӣ with ѣ Ilya Tim. , went out into the hall, alternately Father Nikolai Dobrovolsky introduced each and every one and said that we came not only to meet, but also to express our gratitude, as the head of the diocese, for introducing us to the royal awards. All of us approached the blessing, I, as the youngest, approached the last and said that, expressing gratitude on behalf of all the Vakhrushevs - the builders of the temple, we will.atwith hl}- ------ ------...--h-one._______533_______ very fortunate if His Eminence Vladyka should be worthy and still have his sacred communion. Vladyka said: "Yes, it is obligatory." He turns to Father Nikolai Dobrovolsky: "Well, you will lead me and show me who is to live." Father Nicholas said: "Grace, they all three live in the same house and are in the church on the highway. When you go from here to Slobodskaya, it’s on the way." Vladyka see that Ilya Tim. stand behind and do not invite us even to sit down. Turns to us: "Now I’ll finish my cup of tea and go to your place." We said goodbye and left.Minutes after 10 Vladyka with Archpriest Porfiryevѣ, our host and Ilya Tim. prіkhali kam nam. When he met or sang with salt and water, everyone invited them into the living room and offered everyone a glass of champagne. The Masters represented the whole family, my mother, wife and children. Then Vladyka took our eldest daughters, Zhenu and Lelyu, put them on both knees one at a time and took: not a word that he would come to visit him. And they had one blat, the other 4. On the same autumn, she and her mother, that is, with Apollinariya Alekseyevna, in August, a month, they went to visit Vladyka’s cottage in Khalkidonovo, and they brought him presents from his greenhouse - watermelons and days and, and then Eugene told Vladyk poem "Stepanida and Pakhom", which I described above.The second council of Father Nikolai Dobrovolskago, a week after the visit of Archbishop Alexis, I am from Apollinaris Alex. You left Vyatka on an awesome visit to the Masters. On Saturday evening, upon entering Vyatka, we led the Cross Church to the Vespers. Vladyka always serve the All-Vespers in the Church of Erestovo, or serve as a foreman, and Vladyka prays for the VespersAtAtand with ҳcidfrom 11 sEgbut.}_______534_______ in the altar. The last universal Lord came out to bless the prayers. Come and we accept the blessing. Vladyka recognized us and invited him to the apartment now to drink tea. With us * came the foreman, who at this time served the all-night service. - Tea was already prepared in the dining room and hosted at the tea table by the daughter of Vladyka, Anastasiya Alekseevna. Vladyka and the foreman all made fun of her that the young mistress, having presented herself as experienced owners, would probably be embarrassed, but she laughed it off, and we often spent time with the Vladyka very merrily. He was for strength and for the future time to go to him, but never asked anything about Ilya Timofeevich. The next day, Sunday, about 3 p.m., I once went to visit my father, Protopriest Peter Por Firyev. We sat there for half an hour, talking to those abstract we. Later, the father of proto-Yrey asks me: “Well, all builders. Vakhrushev likes the rector of your church, Father Nikolai Dobrovolskiy. Or maybe he has some kind of aggravated relationship.” I, not expecting such a question, hesitated and said: "As you know, Father Nikolai Dobrovolsky has always taken a step. Vakhrushev liked it and all the builders have asked before Vladyka Sergiy to appoint him Our church is the head priest, and, it seems, after thatEEmore familiar with CE NI ME, CE his family and his church serviceZhenіem, they were not at all disappointed in their first day to impress him, but on the contrary, they all loved him and he became friends with everyone, he was very kind and kind. And therefore, if I don’t eat indiscreetly on my part, I would have been curious to ask your side a similar question. "Father Archpriest Peter said:" I will tell you in secret that when->_______535_______The Lord of your village, the Lord and I was surprised that at the head of the Lord at the churchwarden, there was a complete absence of the rest. Vakhrushevs, and just before you left, you came with your parents and uncle. As well as the abbot and father of the Deacon, they were in the house of the headman, like an official, present at the reception of the Bishop, officials who immediately turned BH Imanie the Bishop and did not like him, and in the meantime, in front of the house, Ilya Tim. Vladyk stated that it would not be of good quality, but as a courtesy, they very much ask the Lord to change with us. the priest, who, allegedly, is all dissatisfied. Of course, Vladyka was not far from the final communion with him, but they explained that without E reasons and without the personal consent of the abbot, BE Orthodox dioceses are not supposed to and are not accepted to translate the infusions from the parish of the Entrance. But it was public to think, and it was time for many to secretly understand how the rest of the builders of the Vakhrushev temple treat the rector, and in general they are confined. "I suggested to the father Archpriest to request letters from the rest of the builders of the Vakhrushevs temple. “You will see that apart from the family of Ilya Tim., Everyone will even ask and intercede, so as not to transfer Father Nikolay Dobrovolskago from our village, but rather, if possible, encourage him with insignia.” Father Archpriest again asks: " But, you were assured for all the rest, that would be averted if Vladika had resolved a lot of tricks about the unspoken questioning of all the builders of the church. If you are firmly convinced that everything will be disrespectful as you say, then Vlad will be very happy, and I will report to him about our conversation. "I reaffirmed that there’s more, more confidence." If you ask by letter, then address to a name olderdITEg_______536_______ of the builders, Ivan is with Timofeevich Vakhrushev, who lives in the town of Slobodsky, for nothing, and he will write a general message that we will all sign. "Indeed, a week later, it turned out from my father, proto, taking Pyotr Porfiryev, Ivan T. oseyevich, a private letterconfidentially /, with a request not to refuse courtesy to communicate about the relationship of all the builders of the temple of the village of Vakhrusheva to the rector of the church, Father Nikolai Volunteer. But, before I received another request, I met with Uncle Ivan Timofeevich and once again told my conversations with s. Archpriest Peter. Por firmov. Upon receipt of the request, Uncle Ivan Timofeevich The Demyanks themselves went to the village, gathered us all at home in T, showed the letter of Archpriest Iorfiryev. I, on the other hand, suggested that I write a letter to the opposite side, as I told Otpu protoere10. 1, since the requests are secret, I don’t tell anyone about this, so as not to reach Ilya 1 Mob. forward, while he receive the Lord to take away, for if Ilya Tiim. finds out earlier, that the Bishop may seem unpleasant 5, that we chatted that the Bishop reacted to the ikЕ CE dovirim. We all signed up to give away and did not distribute to anyone. After a month and a half, I, from the same thing about that of Father Peter Portiriev, learned that Leah Tim. Yel’s story and again started the conversation with. Vladyko about about N. Dobrovolskago. But Vladyka categorically declared; “I repeat that without the requisition from the head of the priest and the absence of priests, not only from your priest, but also from other villages, I can’t translate the flattery to the place. And about Fr. Kola Welcome Volsky, at the dedication of your village, I not yet definedEBUT_______537_______lazy svѣdѣnіy and after your request I communicated to sort it out and think, and did not forget the words given to you. Upon returning to Vyatka, I familiarized myself with its form and its authoritative sources deserving of full reassurance that the priest is a priest. Nikolai Dobrovolsky is a very choral servant of the church, exemplary behavior, good character and exemplary conduct of his work, attention and encouragement for servicesѣ. In no case can I give him an offer to translate an increase. If he himself would be dissatisfied with his position in your parish, and would ask for a better place, then if I stay in the diocese, then I would not think to give him a place even in the city of Vyatka TakIlya Tim. with his petition, I got a galosh, or, in other words, got a flyie.Earlier, I wrote that since the village was open, i.e. upon completion of the construction of the temple, by common efforts, all residents of the village were ordered to transfer the police station to the village, i.e. camp, apartment, and police officer. Then they discovered the Zemsky on. primary school. After 2 years, Ivan Timofeevich Vakhrushev built a church and parish school and at the same time, both were opened and received daily mail, and mail was sent, because between Vyatko and Slobodsky, the post passed through the village of Vakhrafnaya and Vahrafnova daily between Vyatka and Slobodsky also stretched wires through the village of Vakhrushevo. Therefore, on our request, almost unquestioningly, they immediately opened to us by the telegraph and telegraph department of the lowest rank, with one official, assistant and deliveryman. When applying, we_______538_______pledged for the first three years to give a free apartment for the postal and telegraph office. Ilya Tim. far away from that in the newly built house, in the outbuilding, on the highway, there is a row at the church with what is at home. Indeed, the post office and telegraphs were very in place, there was a lot of work, and we still supported: through our post office we bought bill, bill papers and the stamp office, as well as the post office stamps, not only for our offices, but for outsiders. Personally, when I went to Nizhny Novgorod, Irbit, Tyumen, or Petropavlovsk fairs to buy raw materials, each time I took with me rubles for a thousand postage stamps and rubles for five hundred bill papers and stamps, and my friends distributed them to the fair. when calculating for one hundred, two hundred rubles, EE- * explaining to the raw materials industry that we need to increase the profitability of our postal telegraph office, which is open for the time being, for testing, and if it turns out to be with good incomeѣ for the treasury, then: do not close, leave forever and transfer to the highest category. Of course, all friends supported, in particular, Khusain Abdulovich Tyumenev. Pick up five hundred rubles and carry it all to your Tatars merchants, give out 50 rubles, 25 rubles. On the next day, I should bring in completely five hundred rubles, or even ask for the rest of the brands, so there was almost no trouble or inconvenience from this person personally, and for this reason I could do a great deal of detachment. Soon after, it was listed two categories higher and put to us. the best postal and telegraph director, Alexey Alexandrovich Levashov, with experienced telegraph assistantѣ. Through it I found out that it is possible to send mail to a far distance_______539_______ With parcels, the cut-in leather goods / according to the tariff, it turns out that they are priced further apart ie, proportionally the tariffs are veriably reduced /. In this way. From us to Tifli it turned out by mail sending cheaper than railway. and by mail goods go to Tifli for 12 days, and by rail - a month. We began to send to Tie Adelkhanova a cut-out leather soldier’s sapodny product with 12-kilo postal parcels. But mail from Slobodsky to Vyatka usually go on one or two triples, and we will immediately deliver 100-200 poods. Vyatka post office began to protest that they could not temporarily increase the number to shady, because Such sending is not regular all year round, but temporary, for 1-2 or 3 months. Then I suggested that we otla la Vakhrusheva would add, with my triples, the missing number of horses at the disposal of the same postman, and even without charge. The Vyatka office was confronted with the main administration in Petersburg, from E II Petersburg they were demolished. Work went briskly. Every day sending went to 5-6 triples. Then you Petersburg paid attention to our estranged ie, enumerated it even a bit higher, and the head of our estranged received a monarchial award - the Order of Stanislav.- My family life for this above-described last period of time has been slightly modified. Life in the “old to the house”, at the factory ”, BE lower floor”, was genically so badthat the lack of chi stago air strongly responded to health. of our entire family, especially the weak-breasted of my mother. Until one time, they advised us all to drink every day, to go to the Ufa governorate, where my wife’s progenitors, Alex, visited each year. Aleksandrovich E and Apollinar_ya_______540_______ Alexevna Rukavishnikovs. But we, for the first time, did we decide to make a mum and drink at home. To do this, I agreed with Slobodsky as a citizen, a resident of the settlement of Demyanka, and a Tatar. Gayhmatulloy. We contracted him for 2 months to live near our village in the village of Rusanovskaya, eating him as one mare, and I rented the second mare for Vyatka from confectioner Frangoli, under the following conditions. For a month, he gives a lot to a mare with a newborn and a foal., Eat that for 2 months I have to feed the face well and use the excess, after eating the foal, milk. Giving kumshsa. After two months, I return to him more, i.e. mother is a mare, and I buy a foal from him for 50 rubles. And to Tatar Raymatull, I paid one hundred rubles for his work and for the use of milk from his mare for two months. Drive out for the mare and an apartment for Gai Matulla, I rented a snow-covered meadow from Vasiliy Matvievich Rusanov for 30 rubles for all summer. He also had Gaimatulla quarters, and besides that, they also cut grass for the same mares on the boards in the field, against the strip belonging to the same Vasya lіu M. Rusanov. For this he still paid 20 rubles. For all the summers, two mares lacked grass for all summers. In addition, 50 rubles per year was spent for mares of oats and oatmeal in the pot; in order to give more milk, it is recommended to milk the face cows and cow better, and drink with CE not an additive of flour - oatmeal. So kumys nam, for this summer, cost about 250 rubles; we drank with the whole family, and we drank little children.Next, they drank goat milk and cow milk with good cognac. According to the doctor’s advice - did you pour a teaspoon of cognac on a glass of milk, and it would seem to replace koumiss.,--------. - -_______541_______|approximately, but not completely; kumi si is nevertheless recognized as more beneficial for the health of weak breasts.For the next summer, I rented a hole from our clergy, near Fr. Nikolai Dobrovolskago, on the conditions - to enclose this meadow and adjoining arable land and raise small flesh all around. : at my expense, work on the hedge and felling, and the poles for the hedge by my workers to chop into their forest located on this UNT is the same site. For all the expenses incurred by me on the hedge, I use for free one summer drive and a feeding mare for koumiss. Thus, the work on the hedge cost a lot about one hundred rubles, and the same amount I again paid Gaynull for his work and his 2-mare mare. They quartered against this bow, from Ivan Fedorovich Elabukov, 10 rubles for all summers, and I bought the second mare from Andrei Stepіanovich Sokovnin, a blue foal for one hundred rubles. At the last mare they sold rubles for 50} | and the foal was left to feed until age. When the baby was a year old and the son of Vicente was 9 years old, he 1 was shot with a foal in photographs, and this card was preserved to this day. In the second year, about 300 rubles were paid to us at home. But go far away, hire a meadow. Drive out afterwards - there was nowhere to feed the mares, for V.N. Rusanov categorically refused to hand over the pasture, he began to mow in a meadow for himself, and the church clergy also decided to use their arable land fenced by me for themselves. Arable land was hlibom, and a landmine was leased by all the inhabitants of our village for the whole summer to pasture the cow for the shepherd, for 100 rubles for the entire summer. Hired pasta.-_______542_______ all Vakhrushevs together from the village of Trofimovskaya / Vakhrushi / for 50 rubles. for all summer, Alexey Evdokimov Vakhrushev. All this expense was spent on the entire householder of the village of Vakhrusheva, proportionally proportionally to the number of bovine cows being driven onto pasta. Thus, having three cows, we paid from 12 to 15 rubles per summer. For the first summer of our year, koumiss treatment, I bought a foal-mare foil, one-piece, I donated to Anton Anisimovich Nosov, because in our whole village it was not customary to keep mare horses, and since Fran Zholitsa got rid of were from a good stallion with. Vyatka State Horse and Horse Stable. Anton AnisimovichI liked the little filly very much, they began to ask me to give him this little filly. I said that I won’t sell it, because I have written off the cost of it on a kumys, and I will best give it to you for your long-term immaculate service at our company. Anton. Anisimovich thanked, but found it difficult to seem to give a gift, said: “If so, then I will be in your debt. When this filly grows up, I will happen to her again with good stallions at the State Stud Farm”, and when the first stallions are born then I will give your sons to yours. " But in the aftermath it turned out that from her all mares were born.. In the years that followed, my wife and mother almost every summer went to kumys in the Ufa province, in Belebeyevsky district, in the Tatar village of Kilimovo, and sometimes in the village of Durasovo. They shot a clean Tatar hut there and in revenge. Rukavishnikovyny lived in the same family I I / 2 or 2 months. They cost 500 rubles for our family for our entire summer, with train connections. or on_______543_______.-rohodѣ. Each time, my wife brought older children, 3 or 4 people with her, and if she didn’t get on her own, I let children go with her grandmother Rukavishnikova. Before the last time, we visited the Ufa province already in 1902-12. Then in that year they were not going to be a hut, but my mother Alexandra Ivanovna became very ill. Dr. Alexander. Viktorovich. Ivanovskii posovѣroval must take her to a couch, as well as Apollinaria Alekseevna, my wife, felt a lot of overwork and weakness, and then Ivanovskiy advised her to go to a kumys. Then they took all the older children and they both went with. Rukavishnikovs at the end of Kai month and took with them a maid Nadia to care for a sick mother. From Vyat, go by boat to Sokolok, and Sokoloki along Kamka and Bulo to Ufa. Having lost on the steamer for 24 hours, Apollinariya Alekseevna already felt better than clean air and water, and the health of mothers and Alexandra Ivanovna was getting worse. Protect Ufa, it has already ceased. Turned to the doctor. Inspecting and listening to her, the doctor did not order her to be transported to the village by the cusp, but advised him to put an oval on the hospital for two weeks, whichto fix, and then take home soon. They put her mother in a hospital, in a separate room, and left her mountain Nadia with her. And the rest went to the village for a bite. Settled for life and drinking koumiss in the village. Apollinariya Alekseevna every day from the village of ѣzdila in Ufa sent a sick mother to the hospital, and by night she returned to the village of children. So tormented for two weeks. During this time, they telegraphed to me in the village of Vakhrushevo. I ѣ unscrew the telegraphy val: "How to fix a doctor, immediately through Chelyabinsk,-_______544_______naltPerm by railway take mom home. Hire and take with you the sister of mercy or the mountain Nadia accompanying you to the mountains, and leave the children with the Rukavishnikovs. Apollinarika Alekseevna did so. When you were in hospital, my mother was undergoing artificial food so much that the doctor would ask for it I’m able to live safely and get to Vyatka. Then Apollinariya Alex with the maid Nadya drove her along the railway station of Vyatka, takes her from a long compartment, where they brought her to her hand and, when transplanted, she also carried them with hired but strongmen. V. Vyatka I will meet il to the train station, carrying the mother out of the car alone in her arms, she was so “light, like a child, so emaciated, got out so much. Did you put the crew on a big mattress, on which she was stretching. all the time I’ve been chasing with her all the way to the wings of the crew, and Apollinariya Alekseevna was leaving the maid in the second crew. ”About three days later, after she had gone home, my mother died, and she was buried in the church fence, opposite the altar. After the funeral, Apollinarіya Alekseevna again left for the Kumys in the Ufa province, where her children and parents were waiting for Rukavishnikovs. Having finished the season of kumysnago treatment, all the first and second they returned home through Chelyabinsk, by rail. Two or three years later, also in kuminsi, Apol linariya Aleksѣevna with children and the Rukavishnikov’s parents, without her, we got engaged to Nikolai Ilyich VakhruSheva: they betrayed their eldest daughter, Alexandra Nikolaevna, for Valery Lytkin v Slobodskaya. I received an invitation to my name with my wife for this wedding. Wired the woman in Ufa that “If you want, go to the wedding, leave+Gat_______545_______children by the Rukavishnikovs. "Apollinaria Alex. immediately went on a yellow road, celebrated conspiracy and wedding. After a week, she left again and finished the kumysolennoe season. They returned home, again all together.Personally, I have never had a nightmare or a resort or a summer residence, nor have I seen this need, living all year round in the countryside. But I thought, according to the advice of Dr. Ivanov, it was also considered useful for me, especially while we were living in the old house, I was weak-chested, skinny-thin, and by the time we made a coffin at home through Tatar Gainulla, I tried to drink a lot koumiss, and then drank goat milk with a nyak. For this year, two specially kept a goat, which lived with horses in a horse. Then I drank a lot of cow's milk and cognac, but vodka, wine and beer are almost the same. Amt didn’t drink until 35. After 35 years, I started drinking a little light wine and beer, and I started drinking vodka after the age of forty. When I went to the fair for raw materials, as well as to Petro Pavlovsk, sometimes I lived there for 3-4 weeks, I tried to drink Kyrgyz koumisses every day. There he is being sold near a raw camp. A tavern or a Kyrgyz yurt was arranged near the gates of the camp on the steppes Kyrgyzstan, the owner of this yurt, bring from the village of kumys 2-3 times a day leather kurdyuky / like big bag / from E smoked raw mint bovine skin, and sell them in quarter bottles and liters that can be taken with you on an apartment, but sell it with mugs - glasses, so that I can drink and drink in the inn. Almost all traders are campers, as well as their workers and Tatars and Kirghiz all day drinking these CE kumas along with tea or kvass. SoArt.g.:_______546_______.--and I drank at the tabor and took them home, and in 11etropavlovsk, except for the sale of koumiss at the tabor, almost every Petropav merchant-Tatar had his own kumis for himself and for treating the guests. To do this, they keep on the steppes each herd of mares and specialist Tatar kumisnik. When I became a friend and they found out that I love kumys, I send a quarter of koumiss every morning for a break, and my commissioner is Husain. Abdulovich Tyumenev, already following the queues, Who should take kumys today? If you give preference to one, take one more often and refuse to others, then this already means that their koumiss doesn’t like and that they strongly offend, and since all of them have equally good kumys, then we, in order not to offend anyone, took everything in turn. . When planting a garden and greenhouse devices when we rent a new home, we are a gardener. By Alexander. Dmitrievichem made friends not only personally with. Nim E, but also with his family. They tried to get him sick and earn money. I drove him to Slobodskaya, then I got acquainted with the mayor, Valentin Petrovich. Chur Shakov E. For I heard that the city is going to arrange a garden on the banks of the river Vyatka Pushkinski, but I don’t know who to entrust it with and make a landing. I recommended Ruko Moinikova, who, having examined the place and made me the city council, now. he drew a rough draft about the plan’s facts, estimated approximately how many trees and shrubs to plant, and in half an hour they amounted to 10deal Hyp shaku smut, and for planting and looking after I appointed a hundred ruley, all of which should dig holes, arrange untilonE..-_______547_______horns and stuff at the expense of the city, and all the trees and shrubs, according to the instructions of Rukomoinikov, are bought by the city government. You general left a 300 or 400 rub. I recommended Kurshakova, without putting it into the far box, at my own risk, contract Rukomoinikov for now, but for now arrange a subscription leaf and collect 100 or 200 rubles by private donations, and ask the city duma to allocate the rest. V.P. Kurshakov consulted with the members of the council, immediately agreed, and didn’t write to A.D. Rukomoynikovymi home condition, and then one temporarily sent a subscription leaves. I was the first one to sign ten rubles to this leaf, and then he collected almost all the necessary amount from the subscription sheet and Pushkin Gardens were the same to be realized, and a year later they opened the summer Sloboda Club in this garden; a good wooden building has been built with a terrace and a large dance hall with a billiard and card room and a buffet with a kitchen. But this was all arranged at the expense of the Sloboda club.Near. Pushkin Skim Garden, in the outbuilding of the courtyard of Chelezov’s house, lived our distant relative, sister of the godmother Apol Linarіi Al., Olga Pavlovna azenina, the widow - Nadezhda Pavlog — on Leontyev, a midwife, two daughters, a brother and Nina and her son. Sergeyѣem. Her eldest daughter, Vera Nikolaevna, had just graduated from the Sloboda gymnasium and was going to ask Slobodsky Zemstvo for the position of rural teacher. During the planting of the Pushkin Garden, I am with the old gardener A.D. Rukomoiniko went out to Leontiev and I introduced them to Rukomoiniko. The old man liked vѣra Nikolaevna. They say: "If only I could have such a shame." And Rukomoynikov’s eldest son,_______548_______graduated from the Vyatka real school, for two years now they served: Nicole during the construction of the Perm-Kotlas railroad and received sixty rubles a month. I said: "This is your opinion, but would your sons want to marry. And would he like it a bit? You first speak with him, speaking with her mother and daughter, Nadezhda Pavlovna." After the conversation with both parties, the appointed day is an old man, A.L. Ru - Komojnikov prіkhalі v. Slobodskaya already with her son, Kikhail Aleksandrovich. He got acquainted with the bride and the Leontier family, and after how many days the engagement took place, and then. mi 1 wedding.11 approximately at this time, or six months later, by our entrusted or senior clerk in the shop Apollinariki Alexevn, Alexey Fedorovich. Babinsev, married. Our son-in-law’s commandant should go to bridegroom, Vladimir Khilin, a girl from the Uspenskoye-Prechisty village, the daughter of the Prechistenskogo peasant, a herder artisan — Mariya Aleksandrovna Knyazeva. R.S. Zhilini, by the sign of their mile and swatal. The wedding was in his homeland, in the village of Bobin, in the house of his father. We had to give horses for the wedding train and to take part ourselves to celebrate the wedding. A year later, Anollinariya Alekseevna married her maid Anna V. Slobodskoy for her Slobodskiy bourgeoisie, a working furrier Raspopova, for her husband. And for this wedding I had to give horses and ourselves to the wedding train, to take part in wedding celebrations. For all of these and the above three weddings, we were planted father and mother, i.e. according to the local name - thousandth and non-companion.My self-education, as many have recommended reading more |_______549_______ books, magazines and newspapers, moved quietly. I took books from the Sloboda city public library, but no one directed me. The library was good, there wasn’t any experience, but did the books give out a little literate girls from the 4th grade of Slobodskaya about the subject of manasia. Of course, heѣ didn’t know either, and couldn’t suggest one book or another, which- you could interest and lure me. I-2 you will take random books, take them to your village, spend a week, and almost without reading, you will return. To take a look at another guy, etc.At that time, the newspaper was in Vyatka, there were no provincial resources, and there was almost nothing to read in the provincial provincial affairs, almost nothing was written for the exaction, arrears and sale of property for arrears. Someone advised me to write out the Ural newspaper, published by BE irmi. I wrote out the Ural newspaper for two years, but without any interest and pleasure I read it, and very few, I remember, 10 of these newspapers, our daughter Tela began to learn to read four. The headline of the Ural newspaper was printed in very large letters. This girl got interested. She herself began to ask: "What is this letter." So, on the other hand, she recognized the whole alphabet and began to add up the little words herself. Then they bought cubes with letters and she, by the age of five, was already starting to read. With the transition. In the new blast furnace tract, the oldest daughter, Yenya, has already reached the school age. One year, she went to church parish cola, and then we took BE home home teacher, second daughter Pavlova Leontieva, Nina Nikolaevna Teontieva, who lived and studied with us, first taught Zhenya and Vikentіv, and then. The case, Valery and Kolya, for the entire primary school, complete?T.TizimpH_______550_______ preparation for passing the exam in the first grades of a gymnasium or a real school. By chanting at the time, the rest of the Vakhrushevs also began to teach teenagers, up to the school age, to teach at home. In each ӣ dovíѣ, a home teacher appeared. Although there were already two schools, a zemstvo for boys and a church and parish for girls, but all of Vakhrush you avoided giving your children to these schools so that our peasants could not learn from the peasants of the quiet, and so on. . And the Laws of God to our people are given by the priest, father of Nikolai Dobrovolskago, under the guidance of the priest, taught by teachers of home teachers.V. Іюл мѣсяцѣ 1896 was held at the Nizhny Novgorod fair All-Russian exhibition of grandiose sizes. Sovereign Emperor Nikolai Aleksandrovich p. Sovereign Empress Alexandra Feodorovna. The whole of the provinces was the mass delegation of the zemstvos. and cities, presented at the exhibition to the sovereign.During the fair, the main companies of the company that year were Pavel and Stanan Fedorovich with their wives. But I insisted no matter what; it became more and more with my wife, because we wanted to go to the exhibition. At the end of August, Stepan F. si Kena returned to mine. Then I will be the wife of ioѣhal at the fair for the exhibition. When we arrived, the fair was already on the 5th of September, and on the 10th or 15th of September, the exhibition was already scheduled to be closed. All trading people are already at the Uhhal fairs. At the fair, all the shops, shops, rooms, hotels and restaurants are all closed. We stopped at the office of Jacob Fomich Tyryshkin; c his resolution, and slept in his!fourteen..t_______551_______ steles. The head of Tyryshkin’s shipping company remained at the office temporarily only one younger clerk, who, at the request of Pavel Fedorovich, was instructed to take us to the office and accompany to the exhibition and travel, where necessary, since this year we were the storekeepers of Tyryshkin’s shipping .We walked in the Lower Three days. Daily, from morning to night. Chera, went to the exhibition. He accompanied us on the first day. Tyrysh is a Kinsky clerk, and for the next few days we got accustomed and walked alone in style. At the exhibition, we drank all day and flea BE restaurantѣ exhibition. We really liked everything on the Vestavka, but it’s all the more that we haven’t been to any exhibitions earlier and didn’t have an understanding of your bets, although in three days we were very overworked and tired a lot, but still I would like to have a closer look but Pavel Fedorovich daily telegraphed minѣ hurry up to get PE Doskva.When my wife and I arrived in Moscow on April 11, Apollinarіya Alekseevna caught a cold on the way, she got sick on her side and turned out to be spitting. But Pavel Fedorovich insisted that we, taking the opportunity to stay in Moscow, take a ride to St. Petersburg. and to Kron shtadt, to pray and talk with the father of John of Kronstadskogo. Once, then, the father of John Kronstadtskii built the Kronstadt Domi Trudolyubiya and the fame of his prayerful feat began to spread very much throughout Russia. Every day, ont received thousands of letters and telegrams and donations, and not counting, once it was given. Six months before, Pavel Fedorovich was married to us in Kronstadt in the common confession of the father of John Kronstadt, and they liked them a lot. Therefore, he must insist that I should be a wife. They told us where to stop2..XII.DVIatandat._______552_______ Xia, at the landlord, the widow, against the house of Trudolyubіya. Daily but living house. Diligence, father John, on the way back, calls in. You are home to this widow, to serve a prayer service and to attend to each room of her tenants. She is also familiar with the churchwarden, and the last, at her request, to be led to the pulpit, and men to the altar during the liturgy, otherwise it is very difficult to break even ahead, the square is near the pulpit.We went to the Apollinarium Alekseevna and did exactly the same as advised us. Pavel Fedorovich. We hali Kronstadt September 10th. Dear Apollina riya Alex. even more about cold and severely ill sides. Our arrival coincided Saturday, at noon. Apartment ҳ0 bunny by name found out that we were recently relatives of Ney Pavel F., whom she remembered and was pleased with them. She gave us a good room and said: "Well, you guessed the right way — to go: just tomorrow, to serve the liturgy itself, Father Father Ioann, and with general confession." In the evening. she went to us and to Andreevsky Cathedral for the all-night service, introduced her to the headman, who led us down. On the other hand, I am the altar, and Apollinaris Al, on the pulpit - for the lattice, and said to the guard that in the morning, too, after the renown and liturgy, we would arrange these same venues.Vespers and Matins, Father Father Archpriest Ioann slu җil and he himself read on the choir and sang with a salomator and other clergymen Ami. Vespers lasted a very long time - p. 5 hours to 9 hours in the evening. In the morning on Sunday, the hostess Nasi woke up at 4 o’clock in the morning, and again she herself led us to St. Andrew's Cathedral. Spent on the same place. There were so many people and people who were praying that there was, indeed,-FROM.._______553_______ Nimӣ couldn’t reach forward, serve the liturgy from. Archpriest Ioann Sam, all the time you’ve stood at the head of the church ministers, the Metropolitan. Two more pro-1 toerei in kamilavki and protodeacon were slouched with them. On klyarost sang the great polecat of the poet. Ergle me, praying to muses. Alt alt was still about twenty people. Almost all the time they stood on their knees and prayed earnestly. !! more samӣ father from. John Samt prayed earnestly, and so earnestly proclaimed his own exclamation, that among all who prayed to the soul of VO 24 it struck him on the building and infected him with a prayer mood. Such an upsurge came: it was strong that there was no feeling of anything, everything was outsiders, only wanted to pray with him again and again, ate Yeshkoi? father. John. Finally, when it comes time to leave the Holy Gifts for communion of the worshipers, Father John reveals. Parsky gates, without mitra on the head, go through the royal gates to the pulpit, but the meringues of the Chalice with the Holy and Gifts; and we all, through Ponomarskіya gate, were you on am - Von. All zolyaatsіesya calmed down, focused their attention. It became so quiet that so many thousands of people praying - not a single sound, as if there was nobody in the templeas they say: fly cure - so heard. The priest in a loud voice: he addressed all prayers with an instructive word, the meaning of the sacrament of the Holy Priesthood and the obligation to Christianity. He said this lesson, about half an hour. The silence continued tensely, so that his every word was heard equally to the threshold and even on the porch of the cathedral, where the church was full of worshipers, for many of the cathedral could not squeeze through, so it was quiet, as if pressed, K.LbTTTXBUTTumJAN_______554_______ at the end of the sermon or teaching of Father John, a separate tearful sob of women began to be heard. Finally, O. Ioann loudly said: "Having repented, purely sincerely, of the robber to the cross, go ahead with prostitutes. And you, praying, will receive the Lord easier than that - sincerely ask the Lord and repent." He raised his eyes and hands to heaven and prayed mentally or whisperingly. All the prayers fell to their knees and a roar began, I shouted I, the ksterik. You all, standing on your knees on a pulpit, have also fallen to the floor. When I heard hysterical pe BE crowds, I thought that someone in the middle church was crushed. - trampled and therefore there was such a roar. I rose. half a head, looked at the crowd praying - all the same, it’s impossible to stand on XE’s knee, bow your head to the floor and roar. I also looked at Father John’s priesthood: they all stand in the same position, with their faces praying, their eyes and hands are raised up, as if they are looking into the kuni of the Cathedral, his face is white, pale, like paper and tears from his eyes flow through the volume to the cheeks. again, sooner finger again, nice. It lasted about five minutes. Father John said loudly: "Calm down and go to Svyatoglu Sacrament", and again led BE altar. Of the three cups with the prepared Shrines and the Gifts, they were two in the distance to the two proto-priests who served with him, and the third cup, the most painful, was taken by Samt, the velch on the pulpit corresponds to a cry and began to partake. And proto-priests who served with them at the same time communed in the right and left of the parish. There, as standing on a pulpit. on average she came, first of all, they took communion from Father John himself. Also, when they stood in the church and on the porch, the majority sought to go up and receive the Holy Communion from the hands of Father John himself.HeheimEfrom_______555_______on. That’s why two proto-є rei, taking communion in the side aliens, communed only 45–50 minutes, no more: no one approached them. The rest of the crowd crowded the middle of a visitor, to Father John himself, and they continued to partake quietly. This continued communion, one ear to them, for about another hour; so that in general, it is not less than one and a half; ca owl, or about two. Before the end, a rabid woman was dragged by a square to him. A few men hold her, and she seems small, and push them apart, breaks out, screaming, beating with hands and feet. Crying hysterically and reading: "I don’t want, I don’t want, I don’t need, I don’t need much communion." Everyone paid attention to her, standing in front stood aside, I helped the men bring her to the father from. Toannu. They polo Gilles her hand on her head and gently, loudly said: "Calm down." She began to sob quietly - P. l_yakat, and stopped screaming. Father Vika stroked her by the floor сказал and said: “Well, it’s painful, don’t cry, calm down, the Lord will save you, pay you back“ Your time. ” The woman stopped painting, after E minutes and cried stopped. The priest said: “Now cross yourself,” and let her have communion. She took communion and, with her face, stepped aside and stood for a long time in front of the icon, praying at the knee XE. All this I personally saw and made a tremendous religious impression on me - lonely. If someone had been telling from the side, then I would hardly have completely believed everything, or, at least, I would have left some doubt. For in words it is difficult to convey what we then felt and what moral and religious satisfaction we received. I myself will even say for now that. I have never in my life so earnestly prayed to God and prayedTttya -_______556_______you never so joy 110 felt like then. At 4 o'clock in the morning we were in the church, not leaving, until I o'clock 30 minutes a day. When we got into the apartment, we only ate about the forks, we didn’t even drink tea until 3 o’clock. - they sat, waited for the priest from - ts Ioanna. For the landlady said that she invited him to live a prayer service in her home. They all obligated to drop by, but sometimes you could drive right out of the cathedral, and sometimes you would go home first, then you would go to work hard, and then you would often go to houses. Exactly time is never assigned. According to the hostess, we prepared half a bottle of good sherry, hail wine and apple, and tea with cookies. Come, father Father John in our home; I heard a general prayer and hall. They were attached to the cross. Apollinar Al. I went to the cross almost the last and said: "Father, pray for me, I have very sore pains." He gently patted her hand on her side, under the nurse’s eyes themselves to heaven and said: "Lord help you, but repay after your time." The hostess invited him to our room to have tea and bless the meal. He went in, assigned to a hundred loux, pouring glasses of tea as a mistress, put the saҳar, razmeshal, poured it on saucers with his own hands and all the presenceserving tea on saucers. Everyone began to drink, and they drank a platter of tea. I took two grapes and, after pouring half a glass of sherry, drank a quarter of a glass, I blessed everything and decided not to enter the next room.. During tea drinking, the landlady told him: "Father, how well you said today - your mouth is golden." They said: “What a preacher I am. - An ordinary mortal. Here was an extraordinary preacher. - John Chrysostom, anamone.FROM.-.._______557_______far to him. ".....SoOM'B UNTIL 3 HOURS WE ALMOST NOT DRINKED AND NOT FIRED,..-and did not feel any hunger or any fatigue, although while they were in the temple, everyone stood on their feet or on their knees, there was nowhere to sit on chairs or a bench, and there was no need for such an increase in strength and enthusiasm.Having escorted John’s father’s house, we won and, on the advice of the landlady, went to the port to inspect the warships. As soon as 4 to 6 o’clock on that day, the public was allowed to inspect the ship “Petropavlovsk”, which had just been built, in the port. At the entrance, at the port, on the pier, the audience was awaited by a large splintered boat with. 12-yk rowers sailors. Nasos was planted by people in this boat, man 40. We went to the ship "Petro Pavlovsk", anchored, fenced off 100-150 meters offshore, and at the same time the same boat, also full boarding, departed from the ship KE of the pier . In the middle of the way the boats spun around. Among the public who had c. of the ship after the inspection of the ship, the old sailor is the helm of the naval officer of Khavshago. Our steering command and all the rowers of our and meeting boats lifted the oars one time at a time, like guns on a guard and looked with their eyes at the officer. And the officer put his right hand to the trump card. After a minute, the rowers of both boats began to row and continued on their way. The first time we saw the boatman’s honor with oars, and we really liked it — beautifully.The ship was lowered into the water, a good fox was entrusted to us, we easily climbed out of the boat onto the ship. Take it onAll duty officer on duty, assigned to the next non-commissioned office. to lead groups in groups of 10 to show and tell stories5_______558_______ vat. The ship was very struck by its enormous size and massive construction of all, cannon shells. Inside - the beauty of the cabin and the common officer cabin company and dining room. Inspection lasted about an hour. Also, a boat was delivered to the shore. Taking a cab, we drove into the apartment for baggage, and then we went by boat to the ship to get to Petersburg, and on the same day we entered Moscow from the station.When we watched 6 or b 1/2 in Kronstadt’s harbor, then we saw that Father Ioann was still walking around the city, only on another horse, a scorcher, very quickly, and the crowd of the poor and beggars wait for him to each street is almost a crossroads, they throw a crew into it and they hand out handfuls of money to them without an account. They told us that whatever he donated to him, he would give everything to the poor, not counting not bringing anything home. Personally, we, it seems, paid a prayer for the prayer to the salomator, who again went with them for the service of the prayer.B. We visited Moscow on Monday morning. Pavel Fed. saying: “It would be nice if you could visit Moscow for a week or two. But the day before I saw you there, through the ski resort, and the Orenburg merchant. Ahmed. Galyevich Khusainov, they offered a skin lot of 2500 pcs. She came to the fair late, all the purchases he offered to buy, and assigned a low-cost price. I told him that a few days later my nephew would go back home through Nizhny Novgorod, and perhaps take a look; if you like it, you should buy a product. A.G. Khusainov two days -Three obzatsal wait vy yar arkѣ in its Em Husainovskom podvorѣ, tamѣ his office - Flat, Tan is in kladovyh and leather stacked If will not find him,.fromII _______559_______. . . . . . . . . . . then they wanted to live in Kazan for 8-10 days, he had his own house on Bulak, so he left the address and asked to go to Kazan for him. "We visited Moscow on the return trip for two days only, because we were afraid that navigation would end in Vyatka if you get ice, you’ll have to ride a horse, but we don’t have to take warm road clothes from us, because we went out of the house so that we could return home by boat in half of September. V. Moscow Apollinaria Al. went to the doctor - he recognized pleurisy, distant medication. Pain began to decrease. In Nizhny Novgorod we didn’t find A.G. Khusainov himself. We served the show and we went to Kazan the same day. We served to wire the ship we went to. On the other day we went to Kazan. Khusainov sent us to the port the horse is in a good span. ”We transported our luggage to the Volzhskoe SE plane for a steamboat to the Vyatka pier Tyrysh Kina, we learned that the steamer to Vyatka went today at 8 o’clock in the evening. He met us very cordially, he also wanted to have a drink, but when he found out what we had done, he ordered to make tea with sweets in Tatar. / make tea sweet cakes, gingerbread cookies, nuts, sweets, pastille, dry grapes of different varieties, etc.]. Sam led us to show his new-bought master's house, stone, two-story, with rich stone and cellar basements. The whole device is solid, old and very chic, with all amenities. After inspection, treat steel to tea and snacks. Having finished tea drinking, we began to conduct business conversations, to bargain for value and terms. For a long time Nashi took away about sorting, when inspecting the goods. In temporary.At_______560_______ I’ve noticed a few leather spring with fistulas and rough-cropped gates. If you don’t review the pile of all goods to the bottom, I’m afraid that there may be a lot of such, and they assure that they know that the goods are all seasonal, autumn fights, if spring is different, then this is by chance and no more than a dozen: they can be left We accept or accept for value. I need to reject up to fifty birds, and if we wish, then give us the right to take them for half. They reasoned: "Ki Vasya, I myself will not be there, scribble, get wet, the heaviest and hardest skin and weigh them like marriage. You take them, together 16 rubles for a pood - 8 rubles, much is unprofitable. Es if we ourselves were weighed, then I’m sure that you wouldn’t in vain reject and I wouldn’t allow myself to pass the skin on for my funeral, but in the end we agreed to add a style of no more than twenty and pick them up at half the price. From the assigned price to ENOSKVA, I bargained only a quarter. But time went on and on. Allological Al, all me tor drink ѣ go so as not to be late for the departing steamer, and I whirl that I still have a reserve of two hours. I trade without rushing, for the Tatars - merchants love this, say - who buys loans and bargains a lot, don’t be afraid , and therefore he bargains for a long time, because he knows that he will have to pay, and who does not bargain, giving loans, ends soon, he is afraid that if the seller does not hesitate to give loans, he will soon end - he should be afraid: he should not think pay on time, therefore, in a hurry to pick up. But most importantly, A.G. Khusainov promised on his horse again to deliver to the ship by the deadline. I continue to talk and bargain in no hurry, I see - and they are pleased to conduct even extraneous conversations. But Apollinarfour._______56_______ Alex., Every quarter hour, everyone is messing with me. Finally, A.G. Khusainov turns to her: “You, hostess, are in a hurry, maybe you should go where the king wants to go. We have, and this place is, although I didn’t show you, but next to the bathroom. "She was embarrassed and said:" No, I don’t, but I’m afraid - I wouldn’t be too late for the departure of a couple of yes. "Aya say that we’ll sit and eat for about half an hour, and before we leave, we can go and see the place where the tsar is walking. When I finished the trip, I wrote a telegram to Moscow saying that “twenty pieces of oysters were pulled out and a rough pick up was taken. Hurry to take a trip and send immediately by light boat to Kazan Tyryshkin. If you have time in the course of the week, then the Tyryshkin shipping company is to be delivered to Vyatka to frost on the river Vyatka of ice. * Pavel Fed., For some reason, he couldn’t go to the Lower and sent. Alex Pavel. Did Tot pohal and accept everything without any marriage, for he was still young and with older, experienced, didn’t happen on raw materials? n? He knew how to distinguish real skin from seasonal. When vn returned to Moscow, then to the question. from ts - why did not reject 20 K., which Peter Al. dressed up for half a year, they said: "Yes, as soon as I take them: they are all the same, there are inscriptions, signs, there is thread on them." Well, of course, it was impossible to demand from him. Probably, the Khusainovs learned Kovda, so he chuckled that the buyer was too careful and pressing, and the seller was sent not completely experienced. But in his interest, of course, time influenced, i.e. closed navigation. If it hadn’t been already half of September, then I would have returned from Kazan to Nizhny, I would have accepted and sent. But I was in a hurry to leaveandandt _______562_______ Take Vyatka to the shipѣ, if only the river wouldn’t freeze halfway and wouldn’t have to, at least from. Ledvodok, horse riding. But not only we, but also bought the Khusainov skin, managed to bring it to the ship in Vyatka, for the ice stood on Vyatka. that year in the half of October.In winter, in January January 1897, the Governor of Vyatka. The Volga-Kama Bank branch, Dmitriy Nikolaevich Abramov, celebrated its 25th anniversary of its service to Volga-Kama. bankѣ. The main organizers were members of the accounting committee: Vasily Stepanovich. By scraper,Alexander. Stepanovich Sunts and Ivan Ignatievich Laptev. All the rest of the bank’s clients, merchants, members of the committee were invited - who would like to - to participate in the payment ѣ offer a magical gift - a silver bragin with one hundred silver champagne balls and an icon in a good silver robe ѣ Dmitriy Donskoy. We signed our company’s gift. hundred rubles and were on the anniversary юб Stepan Fed. and I, and ot Parfeno vich was. Vaviliy Parfenovich. Dust and Uncle Ivan Tim. and Ilya Tim, for some reason, wasn’t at the anniversary.Then I was for the first time on a banking anniversary, or even at any anniversaries I was never earlier, and I looked at everything with curiosity. At the appointed hour, all the banks were gathered. The manager’s apartment was below, go up by the bank, i.e. in the firstѣ floor банк, and the bank in the second. /in Russian/. All invited guests met with members of the committee, as the owners of the stewards. Five minutes before the opening of the celebration, the two youngest members of the committee went downstairs to the office of the Administrator to invite the hero of the day. After 5 minutes Ivan Ignatievich. Paptewy_______563_______ hand with the wife of the hero of the day enter the bank hall, followed by the hero of the day with. Alexander. Art. Suntsovym, and after them walk the three young ladies “daughter. Abramova. The senior member of the committee, Vasily Stepanovich Poskrebyshev, remained at the top and stood with an icon in his hands, near the portrait of the founder of the bank in St. Petersburg, one by one Kokorev. To spoil this hanging on the right side of the door leading into the office of the manager, from the main hall of the bank. All coming from below stopped against V.S. Poskrebysheva. Ivan I. Laptev, leaving the lady nearby with the hero of the day, took the album address from the table and read it in front of the hero of the day. The addressѣ ended with a request to accept, you are a sign of attention and thanks, from the friends of the Vyatichi holy icon and other things / which were also placed on the tableѣ /. The heroes of the anniversary, having accepted one well, crossed himself, kissed, addressed all those present with a disgusting speech. "First of all, I am grateful for this present honor to the Lord God and Mr. A. Kokorev, the founder of the Volga-Kama Bank in St. Petersburg, who at one time turned his attention to me, the young bank employee, and began to put me forward on the office ladder and he “Even while still alive, I instructed the board to appoint me to you in Vyatka and so on. Finally, I thanked the committee as well as my employees from the bank, and for the generous gift for the anniversary, as well as all those present - merchants , thanked for the honor of visiting him anniversary and for participating in the gift. Also thanked all the bank employees, from the accountant to the party inclusive. After that, the former guests as friends of Vyatskiy said: a state chamber, courts and lawyers, that is, persons not belonging to commercial worldP_______564_______ but their ѣ rѣchi - bringing in were faded. They gave us champagne, toasts for the hero of the day and his family went, and on his side - an awesome toast. Eat tea and snack with light wine. There was no dinner.This year, Vladimir Sergeevich Yin worked for his Prechishchansk plant for the last year, for he finally * decided to move somewhere to Siberia. When after the exhibition we were awesome !! Ivan. Alexeyevich. Kazenins, who continued to serve with Makarov. He once said that last year it was !! Oskvѣ from E of Tomsk his uncle, taking his mother, Di hail P. Petrovich Lyapuyev, nee in the village of Chepts, but a young servant who was Siberia in the matched factory of Vorozhtsev and Loginov. Then they married the daughter of Vasily Ivanovich Fofonova s. Demyanki, now consist of an equal companion. in the same match factories Loginovѣ. Ivan Al.Kazenin, during his uncle’s stay in Moscow, visited his uncle several times and talked on various topics, among other things, he learned from his father that Tomsk leather and factory works well, but he’s good craftsmen, he works all the way through his sleeves, and given one big backwater, Pastukhovskiy, for the death of the old peopleѣ, stand empty and sold, but some to buy. Ivanі Al.Kazenin noticed that it was as if .R. Lyapuyun was even interested in tanning himself. dѣlom, but didn’t tell him anything ..When I was in Moscow and started talking about V.S., or - on, I said that it is impossible to work in Vyatka as private small breeders, cannot compete with contractors and they all get into a fuss. Therefore, V.S.Zhilin also seeks, but to take the example of his brother Ivan s., Also to leave for Siberia, but there are few funds and still do not know where. Then Ivan Al. Cazenin recalled his rage1t_______565_______ Worth smiling uncle M.I. Lyapunov, in detail I told and advised you all the time, when I will go to the edge, go to Tomsk, get acquainted with. M.L. Lyapunovym, take a look at the backwater and, if I find it suitable, offer Lyapunov a company with. I or - nm, rent a backwater and tanneries. One invests money, and tilin means knowledge. After the anniversary of Abramov, we went to Irbit, and at the end of the Irbit Fair, I am from Vlad. Tomsk went, taking with him samples of his product - not much skin. We stayed at the European Hotel belonging to M.I. Lyapunov, but rented out hotel for rent. The next day, we went to Lyapunov at a match factory. I don’t have a companion Vasily Yves. Loginovѣ. Provo div. V.I.Loginova, we followed s. Lyapunovyyav conversation, that from the words of Yves. Al.Kazenina learned that in Tomsk there is good leatherwork, and on. It’s already impossible for small breeders, like Kilin, to work - they cannot compete with large breeders - contractors. Many people come to Siberia, and now Ivan Al.Kazenin, after the conversation with. Lyapunov, during his stay in. 2Doskvѣ, advised to get to Tomsk and, if necessary, inspect Pastukhov backwater or any other, smaller.The next day, having examined. Pastukhovskiy backwater, we posed the question directly and frankly that the backwater is good and suitable, but V.S.Khilin alone, and even in someone else’s revenge, is not very strong. For money and money is only one thousand three rubles, and even that is for goods, and there is a loan from him, and for the first time, of course, no one knows him - soon loans will not be opened.and Tina M.R_______566_______"If you entered the village of Zhilin into a company, investing the funds necessary for the first time, renting a backwater, you could work for a year or two, try it out on a small scale, and if you like it, then, gradually, develop business and buy up the backwaters, "Jena Michael II. Lyapunova, Ekaterina Vasilievna, intervened in conversations, saying: “I heard from Ivan Lavrentier’s grandfather Vich Fofonov that the tannery was very good, and it’s a face-to-face fact: he was from the village of Bakharevo prіѣҳal v Slobodskoy on Demyanka, , an artisan, with almost no money., and after working for 20 or 25 years, die a millio - | nerom, leaving. Two huge factories and houses. We left the wallpaper at the factory for the night. At night, apparently, Ekaterina Vasil'evna still talked with her husband that we should not miss the chance, when they themselves went home and offered I’m afraid to give birth to my ancestral mother; you must definitely try it. In the morning, Mikheil Petr Lyapunov will start talking again that they don’t mind trying the leather case, because there’s more people and his nephew recommended by I. A. Ka Zenin, but so far there is no way to allocate free money for this business, for they have spent all their capital on immovable property in a companion factory and the rest - Kenin cap ital - in the European hotel. You don’t take much money from property, but from 3 to 6, and praying up to ten thousand they could have allocated while you leatherwork, but if V.S.Khilin, as we say, bring up to 3,000 rubles, so far, for a short time, you can start the test, and if, when, temporarily, you have to tight, maybe you can lend us a while. I have not firmly communicated, but if I have to, I have offered the opportunity - I will not refuse, if I don’t coincide with the moment, I will lack myself....butI,._______567_______ Wrote a home condition. Vladimіr Ser. yilinѣ pledged Within six months to liquidate all the household, in the village of Uspensky, home, and with the whole family and property. - by goods, cross into Tomsk, and M.P. Lyapu again pledged to lease Ilac Tukhovskiy backwaters, to carry out necessary repairs to BE works, and to begin work in the autumn.Returning to Slobodskaya, the U.S.:: or there were up to 3,000 leathers, raw materials purchased in Siberia. [On the bridge / extended skin / stood low. At that moment, in Vyatka, a soldier for a soldier Adekhanov purchased the Adekhanov St. Pan Avetisovich Vartazaryants. I advised V.S.Ilinu to take one skin for a sample and hang out with him in Vyatka. IIoka was filled with Vartozaryants, offer him to buy from Kilin up to 10,000 pairs of shoemaking goods on the same conditions as with us. Moreover, I guaranteed with an honest word that I will help or find the cutter and equip the whole cut, according to Inten - Dantish samplesѣ and description.S.A. Vartazaryants unquestioningly agreed. Wrote a sales note. It was clear to the moment of exit from the ridge of the skin that Ilya Timofeevich Vakhrushev had something unfulfilled with the cutter. Grigoriel Ilyich. Stolbovymі / hi university in the village Bobinsky / s. Afanasіem Ilyich. Vakhrushev. G.I. Stolbov was calculated and went home to the village of Bobino. I sent for them and suggested to him, on the same terms, to get so far for 2-3 months k :: ilina, and after finishing the school, go to our company. G.I. Stolbov agreed conditionally that he still had to go talk to himself. Ilya Timo feeyevichem, so that they don’t reproach that you’ve gone, don’t see..-_______568_______with the eldest owner himself, and since he heard that they have few cuts at the moment, then, apparently, the old man is from - to show him until the fall. Then they immediately go to Khilin.Indeed, Ilya Tim. I met G.I. Stolbov unlovingly, they began to reproach him, why did he take a rude attitude towards the young master, and for this you have to teach your servants to teach - let them walk for six months without earnings - you will rest, then you will be humble. If you don’t need it yet, come in the autumn, then it will be obvious - it can be taken, or maybe we can get along without you. ”Pillar addressed:“ Ilya Timofeevich, if you do not consider Afan si Ilyich to be guilty, but I apologize, although I’m sure that you, the cutters, confirm that I don’t blame anything, but all the Afanasy Ilyich’s fault. "Ilya Timofeevich said:" What do you want me to ask all the workers to do, to compromise my son - I won’t allow this . You can go whither you want, while you don’t need to, come back in the autumn. ”Pillar once again declared:“ Ilya Timofeevich, I’ve come to you as an elder and my former owner, apologizing, hoping that you will understand, and make sure that I don’t vi, order me to immediately take me to my former place. But if you don’t want to understand and persecute me, then I’ll leave and if I go somewhere before the fall, I won’t go to you again, because I don’t like to take revenge. My father and I serve with you. 20 years, they didn’t go anywhere, and if Liu is like that owner by stupas, then maybe I will serve until death until I drive them away. * Ilya T. said: “Enough, go with God. I’m not afraid to threaten, you can act, anywhere, we can walk without you, you can’t go anywhere: now it’s spring, everyone’s cut:_______569_______it is. Soon all cutters will be freed. In the fall you’ll come, then you’ll talk in a different tone, you’ll bend your feet and beg for help. The flap and all non-standard goods V.S. Ilin sent you # Oskwa, sold through II.F. Vakhru nieva, collected money, paid all debts: bank, Elaba bark and raw materials, and partly blackened and leather, partly money, about 3,000 rubles, take it to Tomsk, take it to the end you І Julia month with the whole family, and take the little de I’ll remove the worker and master breeder Pavel Kirillovich Utrobin from the house of Ivan Pavlovich. Also take two craftsmen with you to repair the tanning vats and to make how many new tanning vats. These channiks are special craftsmen in Bobinsky volost of Vyatskago , they are famous throughout the Vyatka province and have repeatedly visited Siberia at various tanneries, because the tannery is spread round, one board is tightly pressed over the other so that the tanny juice does not leak. It’s better that these Bobinsky craftsmen couldn’t make tannins, and a simple carpenter or joiners couldn’t die and didn’t take up the work of tanninst1 1ANEWBefore departing from the village of Uspenskago, V.S. Uilin, he sold all the bulky property, and part of it was put in a loft over a shop. Carriages, horses - all sold. A couple of beautiful Savras four-year-old horses were bought from him at the Vyatka Fair at the Semenov Fair; 250 rubles: They were sold to you then the former Vyatka Circus, having received the payment of a countermar_______570_______kami - tickets for the right to enter the circus, with a discount of Tue 20%, in the amount of the total cost of the horses, i.e. for 250 rubles. These tickets were sold in the watch shop ѣ at Rukavishniko know, and the whole sum of horses was completely gained. Six months later, these horses would be trained and mustache c. Vyatka performed in a circus on stage, and then. circuses were taken away and traveled throughout Siberia, under the name "Vyatka-sazarasiki." By chance, a long time later, I shot these horses. and trainer them in the circus BE Omsk. House and factory. in the village of Uspensky. V.S. or lockand left everything in my care, as a guarantee of the remaining number of debt types. For V.S. Khilin, as I said above, paid all his bank and loan debts, and for the raw materials he bought, but he still had to pay up to 6,000 rubles in extra money, or foreign, Vyatskiy Ovietniy Veretennikovsky bank, pay attention to his bills, loan money taken in the name of Apollinarіi Alex. for the purchase of parts of the plant by Kilin, his brother. These bills were re-counted every six months and% were debited to all in the name B: g.: Ilina. So long that this is increasing. Houseand the plant, layered locked, brought no income, V.S. Zhilin insisted that I immediately transfer the house and backwaters with a piece of land to myself, at least for the amount of his debt, but I considered that it was unfair, too cheap, and extrato watch him over. Having owed him debt, manybut when the suburban zemstvo. I was elected the trustee of the Assumption head zemstvo school, it coincided that the terms of the apartment occupied in the village of the Assumption school had expired, and the zemstvo could not find a suitable home in the Assumption village. They turned to me: can I help Zhi linsky house help_______571_______rent a year for 2 or 3 for a zemstvo school for 100 or 150 rubles a year, and then apply for a building in a village. l Assumption and ministerial school, if the rural community is to build the ministerial school by appropriately learning the runoff of land. Otherwise, the zemstvo should be transferred now. So far, the initial zemstvo school has been transferred from the village of Uspenskago to the village of Bakuli or rukovo. Then the children of the village of Uspenskago will have to walk every day II / 2 miles to the School and back. Also, the priest, the law teacher, would have to go to the same village several times a week to teach the Law of Boyasiya. I suggested that the rural community collect a gathering of the householders с Uspen skago village. Having come to this meeting, I explained to all the participants in the meeting the proposals of the Zemstvo and the inspector of public schools to support the Ministry of Public Education petition of the rural society. about the construction of the village of Uspensky 11ini two-class school at the expense of the treasury. But for this, rural society should free of charge by sentence, this hour, according to the corresponding plot of land for the estate when teaching people and for the construction of such, about ten of us. Explained, part 20 in case of refusal, the zemstvo to transfer a school to the village of Bakuli or Shchukovo, which will be very inconvenient for their children, especially in inclement autumn weather. winter frosts: for children to run school І I / 2 verst / because the inhabitants of the village of Uspenskago have almost no horses, except the breeders, because although they are peasants, they don’t put on farmland and live only sap and at home, have a manor league garden for vegetables. With THIS, I added that if land is taken away, go mini_______572_______ Since the school for rural societies is free of charge, you learned from the inspectors of the people that the treasury would have a good ministerial school for two or three years, and I, for my part, will try to ask Khmelin to give him an apartment for the time being a house for a zemstvo elementary school without paying for a while while the ministerial school is being built so that even for these two years children do not have difficulty in running to school in the village of Bakuli or Ukovo.Go unanimously decided to initiate, through E, the inspector of the public school and through me a request for the construction of the people of the two-year-old ministerial school, according to the plan and copy approved for this by the ministry. From my side,the rural community donates the building and the estate for school at the village of Usinen to a free piece of land BE of the amount of one tithing, I, on behalf of V.S. due to an excited petition submitted to the Ministry. from Ostroykѣ two-class. Ministerial schools, we provide free of charge to the zemstvo, for two years or for the period while the ministerial school, our home, is being built. Zhilin was the primary zemstvo school. Thus, the school remained in the village and was accommodated for two years by V. Zhilinsky until mѣ, and the tannery was empty.At the ministerial school L. was requested and released by leniency, free of charge, according to the ministry, from the state-owned Kayskago forest, only had to pay extra for rafting. With this treasury money was granted, approximatelyone)G_______573_______ 3000 rub. on the foundation, the roof and on the hands. The result of this money. it wasn’t enough, I had to add my own about two thousand rules, and after a year it turned out that there was too much to let go of the wall. it’s thin, it freezes and the school was cold all winter. For the next summer I decided to plaster the whole house from the inside with E coma, and from the outside I can sheathe the whole to ME te som. at his own expense, as an honorary trustee of a ministerial two-grade school.After passing through the Vyatka of Perm-Kotlas railroad, from the side of the cauldron, a suggestion began to appear that the assembly was assembled and the measles along the railway line. and her surroundings. The first voucher of Pinot ha prichal with a similar was proposed in Vyatka Nikon Agala kov. They bypassed the Vyatka breeders, but no one began to talk to them - they all rejected: “we ourselves can’t collect the railways and we can’t entrust it without knowing Vasya. And if you organize the assembly yourself, buy them, bring them to Vyatka "a test party, then come visit us, we will gladly see, and if the product is suitable in quality and value, then we’ll buy it with pleasure." Nikon Agala came to us in the village, Ilya Timofeevich had a past. Tot from Vítil to N. Agalakov is the same as Vyat skіv breeders. Finally, come to many. I carefully listened to his suggestion. They found out that he personally has no measles and cannot have, because there is no money for the assembly, and they only intend to organize a peasant and woman’s artel in their Vologda province, who, in quantities of 100 or 200 people, will blow with him in cross the railway line, also, at your own expense, take the risk and take out the road to the railway station Almezhy and Ola---E_______574_______KA.fone.one.rino, if you are sure that there is a large Vyatka school, or a Sloboda leather breeder. Personally, they didn’t shuffle anything, but offered himself as an employee or as an indicator for mediation between Vologda men and stingyschikom breeder. For until the peasants are confident, they will not go in large quantities to grind the measles. And if I him. I will vouch that I concluded with. You and the contract and you committed to skuI’ll drink all the measles, as much as we can, I will send my family with them, then they will definitely blow everything and kick a lot. Then you yourself set the prices and understand sorting at acceptance, and I will help Wat. To my question: "What-ze do you want from this, what interest or earnings." Nikon Agalakov said: "Forward, I will not pull out anything, but what I deserve, then pay." I categorically demanded that I take into account future misunderstandings and troubles, so that I would appoint remuneration ahead of the month or from the pool, otherwise I won’t even get to know the CE of the case. Then Nikon Agalakka appointed 25 p. | Per month or 50 p. for the whole season. I then said, "that this is Too little, but I agree - so far we’ll register these numbers. But if the case turns out to be successful, as you intended it, then we will double this for you, and in the future, maybe instruct there to make a purchase for carrying on commission - alone or in a company with your relatives. " The next day I'm with. Anton Anisimovich. Nose and si {{ikonomi Agalakov went to his house, by rail reached the station of IShinega.from the station, etc. IIinjug it is necessary to get through KE villages Agalakova thirty versts along the forest path,EH_______575_______for there was no passing road, and only after they had made the useless road, they began to expand this trolley by cutting trees on the sides, an arshin two on the side, so that after the last formed a not wide passway of the senna took one and a half. But this lane still II and even some are not removed: I am a tree lying along and sometimes across the road. In any case, it’s impossible to pass 40% C on the phone, but it’s also worth a lot of work, because L BE has some hard work to drag the horse through the felling of trees E. N. Aga warned me about this, but for me they hired one horse from the peasant far from Pinyug, and the owner of the horse took with them to return the horse to the green. His horse was thinning, ridges and bones - ribs through the kokha are very significant. Saddle ver rykh nto - sent a thin felt to the horse’s back, tied it up with a rope. I sat up on the horse, and the rest, taking the knapsacks or leather kitty over my shoulder on my back, walked across the peninsula. I sang after them. Dear, indeed, at -. I had to torment — to drag a horse through the trees from the market, but it was terribly hard to sit on it and the whole horse crashes for nothing or jumps over them, moreover, it was very painful to me, so that I’m two miles long and two miles long I'm going. The whole day we were tormented, Zhkhali to the Agalakovo trees not a single one - we didn’t come across a single village on the way. Finally, they took to the village. I’m so tired and I felt like a scavenger, that I cursed late and late that I would never come here anymore, to buy measles, although I donated all the bark for nothing - and I won’t be lured here anymore. Prevchar, go to Agalakov’s icon, they brought me under the arms, put me downT:TX.._______576_______ on the bench - a bench. Immediately they brought in a fresh sleep, felt, pillow, made a bed and, without undressing, put me to bed. I instantly fell asleep and slept about ten o'clock. Did they even have dinner and talked - I did not hear anything. In the morning I got up - I feel healthy and healthy, even I was surprised myself: all the fatigue has passed and I agree, although I’ll go on with it as well. But it turned out that there was no need to go further. The Agalakovs' villages are all three yards, even talking almost there not with Kem, all the relatives of Nikon Agalakov, and the next village, to be even bigger than this, but far, at a distance of 15, 20 and 30 versts One from the other.I turned to Nikon Agalakov: “Why do you bring us here: neither measles, nor sirschiki nti. We cannot inspect goods either with sirschiki and talk, even we can’t see each other.” Nikon Aralakov dismissed: “I warned you that while you are not looking for anything interesting you will not see. But you said that until I myself take a look at the whole place, we will not risk opening a shopping office at the station of the railway. But yours is welcome it will not be useless: now it will be rumored throughout our district that Vakhrupe himself visited K. Nikon Agalako and instructed him to collect a large artel to grind the measles. All of us and the peasants will be very trustworthyall to come with me, but not with kem or others. "But there is nothing to do - I suggested going to the stations of the railway Almezhy and Oparino, inspecting where the willow shrub, or trees, and what quality should be grown. N. Agalakov ubudil me, that there’s nothing to see, because the willow trees grow all over the forest on the distance and two hundred versts along the railway line. They will be obi -yearst_______577_______ To work with artels, first approaching the line or station, - who want to capture the site, and then E gradually retreating in depth: the forest is 5 and up to 10 versts. On the place, you will knit bunches into a manka and hang them on the beds, dry them, and then put the wine on your shoulders, and hand them over to you. Your business will only be worth everything and money at the station, inspect, weigh and pay money, and the rest I will equip everything and at all times - I will talk with the conductors. Ahead of money. You do not give anyone, there is no risk at all. 10 every time you go at your own expense, you go out one week and after two days, "I see - there is no other way out, I have to agree. I said. Nikon Agalako to collect the artel and go back to our factory a few weeks later.Upon returning home, I informed Stepan ed. He began to convince himself not to stand in front of people to climb into the forest, not knowing that there would be, what quality of the bark and at what value it would cost. Let them kick themselves and bring BE Vyatka, then we'll see. I began to prove that up to Kotlas, it’s supposedly, at a distance of 200-300 versts, you can hear: there’s bark everywhere, no one bought it, and therefore 11 didn’t rip off anyone, and if we try to leave at least one station first , then Nikon Agalakov will already organize an artel BE 100-200 people. We allwe will be guaranteed that at least 5 or 10,000 pounds. hope. rut. What have we got through E Nicon, we warn ME that the old-Koryawe won’t peel the willow trees, we won’t accept the thick, hard bark, and since there will be no competition, we can sort them out as you like, and immediately teach them to rip off only the one that suits us - for them and for will be-?_______578_______br...toluone*profitable. Anton Anisimovich Nosov supported my arguments, saying that because of this alone it is necessary to go with the dealers in the first place. In each case, it’s better for a person to learn again how you need to retrain from - if you want to reclaim his old ones for our new requirements. Finally, after a long stubbornness of persistence, Stepan Fedorovich said: "Well, don’t, as you wish for your responsibility, take it and take it, we’ll take care of these things, I’ll never go there for this matter." After a week {icon Agalakov again appeared. If you tell us that you obhali your volost, whom you have onstood and the people promise to go, it is hoped that at least 200 people will gather. “But you need to go to the Almezha station not earlier than 3-4 weeks later, but for now, if you give many rubles a hundred on the makings, it would not be useless either.” Papa Alexandr Fedorovich, listening to his conversations, said: “ I myself will ask Nikon Aga to buy varnish and I will give the makings myself. "Nikon Agalakov began to convince him;" It’s too early for you to go, and getting to our village is difficult and useless. On horseback. Drive, or go on foot. You can not". But dad, despite my beliefs that in his years it was unthinkable to go to such a wilderness, and so far without the need for it; "it’s better then, when there’s already a purchase, you’ll sit and watch." But he began to take offense: “You can, but I think I won’t be able to. For whom you think I am, I’m a peasant too, and I have 30 versions of Alkival and horse ѣzdil, and prayer and land pa hal, and You didn’t work it. " I see that further conversations only build it more than once. I say: "I’ll come tomorrow with Nikon Agalakovyl. Although it’s too early, you’ll live with him for 2-3 weeks. Take_______579_______ we need 200 rubles with you, if you need some money, then through Nikon Agalakov, give parts of his receipts to him, and then, when you transfer to the railway line, we will sell it and we will bring more money. ”Palace, c. Pleasure gathered and squealed with N. Agalakov. Later Nikone Agalakov told that Pinyug ѣhal old man was cheerful and fun, and when he had to sit on a thin horse, he was embarrassed. When he jumped twice, he ate the horse twice. but fortunately we were walking near the conductor, grabbing or holding him and then they all walked quietly and only reached the Agalakov village by night. Two days later dad lived with Nikon Agalakov, who didn’t do anything. In the morning we will get tea, go out to the lockers of the house, sit on the other’s side, look up and up , to heaven, returns to the hut, lies down. Having won - To sleep, again to go out into the locker for an hour or two, and again back. So I studied for two weeks. I told Nikon Agalakov: "Take me to the railroad, I will go home to Troitsyn at the day, you have a church in Neti, and I, I wish you such a great holiday to go to church pour ". N. Agalakov was afraid of letting him go alone, so that something would not happen on the way, and there would be no reprimand from me for not having taken the old man to Vyatka. Agalakov said that by the way, he was about to go to Vyatka, so take it together, and there, perhaps, you’ll reach your village at the same time. "On the eve of the Trinity, we see - daddy N. Agalakov drive up to our house. You sat down a couple of zemstvo horses, unexpectedly. When we saw through the window, at first we were afraid that something had happened to the old man. We pulled out - we met on the porch, we asked what had happened. Why unexpectedly we left without warning. We don’t have enough money -_______580_______ lo. ilariasha rejects that they went to Trinity Day to pray, because there is nothing to do there yet, and the church is not. money is not necessary, for all are all. Nikon Agalakov whispered that “the old man really missed you and forcibly waited for the holiday, if you wanted to leave me alone, but I didn’t let go of one, decided to talk, and tomorrow I’ll be back. After a week I’ll have to be cut off.” I approved that he escorted the palace and invited him to stay with us. Trinity and the Spirit of the day, and eclipse on my own behalf I went to the yatka, take it to Vyatka and communicated in a matter of weeks to send to Almekh. Anton Aii llo owl, and pray to be, prі ѣdu samі. Before departure. Nikon Agalakov, while saying goodbye to the CE fell, suggested: "Kak, Alexander Fedorovich, will you come up with a lot of things." They averted: “No, let my son eat: he is younger, and I will stay at home. Then there will be a lot there, I will, and if I need, then I can write, maybe I will come, Only your way is not important, so it bothered me that I will not forget to death. " So more dad didn’t go anywhere to buy korya or otherwise giѣl dѣlam. This trip finally convinced him that he was already outdated for the present. If someone addresses him with a serious business question, he won’t say that I don’t know, but deny: “Go, ask my son, please, he’ll be careful and eat, and they’ll follow them after that and I’ve already worked out before. I’ve had enough of it at home. Look, after the factory’s address, and thank God. " In a week I will go along Khal with Antonom Anis. Nosov on Almezh, they took with them weights and weights and everything necessary. Come to Almeh, station to the swamp, not a single apartment, except station. Not far from the station, a small hut of a fox stand empty, butіI am_______581_______ there is one window without a frame and glass that closes on the same level, and one door is small for the entrance, which you must enter by bending down. Inside there is no stove, no floor, no table, no bench. Having talked with the chief of the station: like, at least for the first time somewhere to spend the night 1-2 nights, and then, if possible, we will arrange a tent from our tarpaulin near the station hut. The station manager will advise you to repair the oval from the bush of the forester and place it in it, and for the first time you can chew the feather on a wooden sofa, in general, lounge, coming to the station. I thankfully accepted this offer. An. An. Wear and Nick. Agalakov, along with axes and a saw, immediately set up huts, circles, a wide bench for 3 or 4 people to sleep on, and arranged in the middle for food and tea, at one corner made fires for cooking and porridge, in the rain, and in dry weather, bonfires for cooking the second were arranged on the streets, near the huts. But the bonfires inside the hut were served almost every evening, because the area on Almezh is swampy, there are so many mosquitoes that you can’t walk or sleep day and night, and therefore, before evening, we lit a small fire in the hut from E or fir. It turned out a lot of smoke and all mosquitoes flew out of the hut or died. We then went into the hut, closed the window and door with the shutters. They lit a lamp brought with them, sat down around a table, had dinner, and then went around in a circle. the arrow lay on a wide bench and slept. So I'm at the camp - I spent the night only one night. It was better to sleep in the hut after the fire, mosquitoes did not bother. In the afternoon, mosquitoes also strongly but bit. I, at the first trip, you Vyatka, bought a landone.one_______582_______ five and six beekeeping hats with a net, and a whole day we went to these hats. But workers are accustomed to it, or their face and hands are so tanned and. hardened skin that they didn’t close and didn’t feel: apparently a mosquito bite .. They slept all the way down, where they teared off, each made a little hut out of the willow tree or coniferous tree for their family, and the majority lay right on earth, open air. Near the station there was no commodity platform and large loads for cargo transportation. We set two poles with a crossbeam, on the starting line indicated by the nickname station, suspended the weight and set the poles to the style of the floor for the storehouse of dry accepted bark, so that in the case of wet weather the ground would not get wet and would not bark. For the first time, weѣ had almost no large canvas. At our request, the head of the station requested large stations or from Perm a dozen railcar tarpaulins. A week later, the dealers began to deliver dry ear to the station. Dy, accepting the measles, immediately paid each person small money in their hands, which was very convenient for them and they really liked it. It turns out that before the time of the badge / door, some of these people were in these small artels. Pound pounds of 100-150, hang them on the beds and leave until the wasp. When the first shot falls out, they again drive into the forest with the same artel, demolish all the bark they have prepared for the big passing road, load it on a sled and drive horses to Vyatka or Slobodskaya to the plants. Thus, they got the money into the hands of the priest only six months after the removal, and the majority even through the second hands, through the buyers, because not everyone had 100PIun_______583_______150 pounds of horse to drive themselves to Vyatka. And therefore, because of their own environment, there were those who wanted to buy half the price from many, and even to give money. it’s a tenth of a hundred and on the awnings, like a deposit, and the rest - after the sale, i.e. upon return from E Vyatka. Such buyers brought up to train. / d we have lots up to 1000-1500 poods, and we bought them in November, under the name Permyatskoe or Vologda Korye.Now that the distributors saw that they had a quick start earning money, having worked for a week, on Sunday they had money and pocket; they did not limit themselves to 100-150 pounds, which gave the artel an attempt to triple or put the quantity down. HER the end of the month - the season of ripping off, with a cut, they returned home all with money, felt great wealth and it was very grateful to Nikon Mikheevich Agalakov that they had made it and called the big breeders to buy them a place,After sending the first carriages to Almezha, I myself gave VE Vyatka. It turned out that Vyatka railway the station doesn’t let the bark into the commodity warehouses, like bulky goods, little * valuable and combustible. They unloaded it on the ground near the line, but did they immediately, within 2-3 days, take out or rent out areas near the station for a temporary storage of measles, which can last more than three days. Taking into account that measles will arrive almost daily, and during the haying season, carriage of peasants is small and very expensive, I rented three sections in a row for three months in a row, onto which the measles were unloaded directly. To protect him, he was sent from the home of the stately worker, Prokopiya Nosova, and for the vacation of the carters and for pi- --_______584_______ftїttSan_Nakladnyh, put the clerk Gazrіl Vladimirovich. Ilestova.During snow removal, the transportation was slow, and our riots or a pile of measles at the Vyatka station increased. In autumn, rain began to fall. You don’t give tarpaulin to the leased areas, because they are obliged to close the goods on the way, and on the place of arrival, until the goods are surrendered to the addressee, no matter what the valuable or low-value goods are, they must close the rain, until it has been handed over to the addressee, and after unloading at the leased land, it is believed that the goods have already been transferred as intended, i.e. surrender, and the liability of the railway has ceased. Every Saturday morning, I drove out to Almezha to be covered, i.e. I drove a pretty small amount of money, for on Saturday all the renters will hand over the bark and expect money already. Mon Monday. I went back to mine again, but sometimes I lived on Almezh for 10 days each, when things were starting up at the beginning and often needed extra money. Then for the first time I wanted to see for myself and myself the immediate decision or other changes to the order. When measles began to accumulate near the station, being afraid of the possibility of incomes, I began to ask more often through the station manager the Perm railway management, there are more tarpaulin roads, and in the future we will move more devices to the Almekh station of the covered warehouse, total load / load up to 50,000 annually. At the station Al Mezh, you sent a dozen or two tarps. With the consent of the head of the station, we covered tarp piles with tarpaulins not only at the station, but along the line, approximately, about a mile away from the imposed bark of the line. We are there, and put it in piles, so that fromsave transportation to the station, decided there and bring your second:T_______585_______ weighs on the goat, re-weigh there and load the wagons, and the beginning didn’t negatively advise them to deliver the wagons there at the same hours of the day when there are no passing trains, because between Vyatka and Kotlas. ѣ drive only once a day in one direction and once in the opposite direction. Temporarily by line we also closed the prepared piles with breech tarpaulins, and thus managed to send several wagons, i.e. vygadavі did not transport a mile or two to the station. In one of the trains passes from Perm to. Coterie controller yellow, dor. The head of the station knew about his progress, but he overlooked that tarps should not be placed at our disposal. The controllers, having moved to the station, see that a large pile of bark is covered by breech tarps. They strictly asked the leader: why the bark is covered with tarpaulins, has it already been accepted by the station, and why it is not sent. The head of the station did not hesitate, dismissed: “Yes, the goods must be accepted and closed until arrival for the indicated wagons”. But for some reason, the nodal station slowly served the wagons and there were fewer things to follow. ”The inspector asks:“ And through the line a mile or two from here, I saw several breasts from the window covered with tarps. Do you accept and close your linings with your own tarpaulins on the liner. "8. / d, the head of the Almezh station, see that you made a mistake, replies:" We didn’t accept and do not ship to the lini, but they are temporarily unloaded and transported thereafter stations temporarily behind with their tarps, but yesterday they didn’t have enough of their own. Today they’ll bring extra ones from the house - I’ve decided to take one or two tarpaulins for one day, for which I apologize and now demand the return of the tarpaulin tarps. "Call me. I stood nearby and heard all their conversation .. Head_______586_______ the station asks: “You promised two tarpaulins to return to me all over the evening, where are they.” I say: “Now eat by train. Will you wash yours and be replaced by yours in half an hour and be gratefully delivered to you here at the station”. The controller was satisfied, but told the chief that for the first time they should leave it without consequences, but recommend not to alter the interests of the railway. I had to collect all the tarpaulins and return them to the head of the station. In the first year. on Almezh we collected the measles of a total of fifteen thousand.At the end of the first year Stepan Fedorovich ran through the railway. VE Tu less. Drive to the Vyatka passenger station in an hour. Until from the train, he saw at the same time uncle Ivan - Timofeevich Vakhrushev. Seeing a large pile of measles near the freight station, Ivan Timof. became interested, ask: "Whose is it, is it not your measles. Let's go, take a look." “Come to the heaps., To see the bottom of our clerk, Gavril 11estov.” Mr. Pan F. asks Pestov: "Which pile is in the name of Korye." And G.Pestovі shows that all these sites are ours and all of our bark. Stepan f. Turns to Ivan at the point and say: * Personally, I was opposed to buying such korya and I would not have bought such a large pood. It is possible to compare it with the local Bodsky or Kotelnichesky layer. ”Ivan T. unscrewed:“ But I would, on the other hand, have bought both this and Kotelnichesky for pleasure. It will be no worse than a boiler room. If it is larger, but it has thicker juice, and Kotelnich and local bark is thin, but it decreases year by year, and if you do not look for a new region of korya, then the local uncle has reached a price of 90 kopecks. , and then to reach one and a half rubles. And Vam, go, it’s not more than fifty dollars. Do not you want, sell, I am now._______587_______ Vam at 60 kopecks. I’ll pay for it. ”Stepan p. hesitated and said:“ I don’t know yet how much it will cost. Peter Al, everything is there, ru lead. Well, if it costs a fifty dollars, I think that it’s not much cheaper to come Kotelnichesky. ”Ivan Tim, they said:“ You think in vain that is empty talk. In any case, well done is the one who does this, and I am glad for Vasya that you are far-sighted of my guys. Look, my guys couldn’t see beyond their nose, they couldn’t provide for, sit down, and at least buy a thousand pounds for a test. Only I can leave my tarpaulins from Moscow and close it: autumn is coming - spoil the good stuff, and after scans, the measles has been bought up bad. ”Stepan F. Skazal:“ Yes, it seems Pavel F. has already been sent from Moscow to be taken by boat , but apparently, because of the shallow water they were stuck somewhere on the road. "All this talk about them the next day was conveyed by Gavril Pestovi and Prokopiya Nosov. Concerning the tarpaulin, indeed, when the measles began to stick in Vyatka, I telegraphed Pavel Fed. He immediately bought fifty small carts ENTOV and about six bolshih Buntova brezentovѣ and you slalom cherezѣ Bulychevskoe Shipping high speed. Then, w / e. Vologda and јoskvu not yet been connected.The first experience of buying bark on the Kotlas Line for us 8 was very successful. At the place, i.e. at the station Almen, we bought Ot 20 to 30 kopecks. for nothing, with all the overhead races, with freight. by rail, to the factory. on horseback. and other expenses, measles cost us less than fifty kopecks per pood. Pavel F. was very pleased that we were the first to use the new assembly market, carefully examined it,but,;••_______588_______ that I myself went to the place, everything that I could do with myself, organized, studied the matter and raised my personal observations I carried through to the end, and it turned out to be a brilliant result. They were expressed as follows: “If it were, for the first time, it was worth one and a half times more expensive, but it’s important that you yourself have failed, you already see for yourself, and you know very well; what could be done for the benefit, then everything was done and you’ve not missed, but you also already know if you need to increase or decrease the price from the side - you can see it, to someone else, a new person who has missed the same thing. " I informed Pavel F. and Stepan A. that we owe a lot to the correct setting of our senior employee, Anton Anisimovich Nosov, and that from the account of Korya I should be able to send him a good gift from the company, at least a winning state ticket for the first loan. Did everyone approve of this proposal, bought a ticket the next day at the Vyatka branch of the Volga-Kamskago Bank and donated it to Anton Anisimovich Nosov. For the next year, they decided to buy at the station Almezhy and next at the next station Oparino, and Nikon Agalakov was instructed to recruit more people - sirshchikiѣ. I awarded Nikon Agalakov at the end of the purchase, which he had agreed upon, gave him a reward of another hundred rubles, and he was very pleased. In the second year, they already before our authority, secured the consent of sirders, twice as much, because in the first year, all the peasants, returning home from the sir, immediately brought money with them, which had never happened before. ._______589_______I want to hear many of Slobodsky’s Mikhail Aleksandrovich Shmelev and say: “I heard from Ivan Timofeevich Vakhrushev that you found somewhere on the new railway line for the assembly of korya. He advises Ivan Tim. to sing there and buy for resale, or commission for him, because he has no one to send his own, but I wouldn’t be willing to earn money, at least half a hundred to a hundred rubles a month, because I think there’s nothing more than a month to do. But I thought that hardly You say where this purchase is, and secondly, in one place we will come two concurrent - already I’ve decided to go and tell you: whether it’s impossible to do something together, according to the agreement, or else, but the road is very great, maybe you will recommend to go somewhere else , and I will buy it at my own expense, according to your instructions, and first of all, I will offer and sell Van. ". I thanked him for his frankness and said that in one place, perhaps, we will compete and ruin the game, and I got the second place, the same way, and I think to send, for the first time, my Anton An. Nosov, and last year’s place wasn’t yet; or • whom should we put on a deserving man. The case was already well-known, understood, and I myself will pass in 1-2 weeks. "M.A. L. Imelev proposes then:" Put me in, as a clerk. May month I am completely free and willingly work for Vasya. What zaplotite mnѣ for mѣsyats, tѣm and will be pleased to Kommersant, even themselves say that bolѣe fifty rubles is not necessary. "I say we swim tim and more, but if you give your word that familiarized camping raіonom and staging dѣla you on for the next years you won’t buy for anyone - neither at your own expense nor commission_______590_______but not a clerk, but if you wish, we will ask Vasya to buy for us every year. "11. A. Shmelev gave a word that they would not even say more than once to where and what they bought and on what terms. I was firmly that if they give the word, then restrain is the backbone of any contract., In the spring, from the 1st of May, he eat Anton. An.Nosovymi set off along the Kotlas railway. M.A. Shmelevѣ p. Nikon II Agalakov stayed on Almezh, and Anton An. Nosov and son went further to Oparino station. There are more than five hundred people in the Sirerschik people. Buyers rivaled Almezhy, there were more competitors, and Vologda men were resellers who used to buy 5-10 k. From the sirschiki on the BE spot for a pood, or just by sight and were riding horses in winter Vyatka. Now they saw that Nikon Agalakov) used the 1st year of the railroad, called factory workers to the station, and all the dealers rushed to the station. Nikon Agalaks had just earned money and created a popularity, but for them, no one had kicked anything and they were left without a job. The following year, they decided to give Nikon Agalakov and Nam, that is, the breeder, who himself. woke up at the station to buy. We drove to Almek and two at the logistic shopkeepers of the Starovyrs, put our weights at the station, not far away, brought a small artisan sirschikov. A nn Agalakov’s promise to twenty people, and still common. Everyone is trying hard, tearing measles, and not rushing to surrender - wait, according to the example of last year, for my pride - "Saturday Saturday". Our competitors are phlegont and Sidor Bushmele.T::-.You started our dealers broughtik. Agalakovym,_______591_______.to call to oneself, offering them 50 kopecks per pood. Some were seduced, surrendered to them. at the phlegonte and Sidor Bushmele, two cars of korya had already gathered before my arrival. I prіkhal - on Almezh. Day M.A. Emele in ѣ tells that "phlegant and CThe Bushmelevs uda drove the korya over the carriage, the price was supposed to pay up to 50 k. for a pood, and to us Anton An. Nosov said that before your visit so far I’ve reached 30 kopecks. do not pay. Nav6 E no one to hand over and most of you wait for Vas - they hope that you do not succumb to the washmela wash, give even more. "I asked:" And how much is now all sirschikov. “Nikon say:“ I invited at least five hundred people, but still blow new ones. I think up to 1,000 people will be typed. ” I ask: "How much, and all the difficulties, can each person collect - from the first I to 2 days." N. Agalakov say: “Yes, I have ten pounds. BE a day to tear. But in complexity, each one can wear up to five poods. Thus, for 1000 people, you can collect 5000 poods per day, and 150,000 poods for 30 days. If you allow that together you have a little man, good fools, only half, and then they can fight 75,000 pounds "-" To a certain extent, it seems to me that you shouldn’t get excited about shopping; keep silence. Ten ten pounds buy half an innik and stop again, say that you’re the owner of the money. Do not bring it yet. " And the next day I didn’t appear to anyone, squeaked at the station: Oparino to Anton An. Nosov. They also didn’t begin to take it there, and the people there were fewer, but the rumor reached the point that half of the tinnits were in Almetsen. Having discussed with A.A. Nosov the above considerations, he confirmed that this price was not only found at the stations, but even throughout the Vologda province, and there were a lot of people to share with them. No need to get excited. Let Phlegants and Ct._______592_______Dory buy, they have little money, will soon be exhausted. I informed him that they had already loaded two cars, and it seems that today both of them went to Vyatka to get money to help. That very day I returned to Vyatka and found out that the phlegant and Sidor had bypassed all the breeders, offered the measles. Finally, they sold Naihail Dmitrievich Laptev at 50 kopecks. for good reason, but eat it so that all the measles in the yard of the Lakhtevsk plant plant drank, because it was stripped off of them that were not finished and started to take off, so that when transferring it turned out to be a big grin. Instead, you have to do it, BET_lo just have six hundred, at the same time both the contributor and the Sea Dora got a big loss).Returning to the Almeyat, they not only didn’t have ours, but they didn’t accept from their own brought artels. Through week I am prichal; they come to my opinion and ask to buy from them everything that is recruited, as well as to accept and leave their sirschikiѣ along with ours. I said: "You started to take it very early, did not let measles dry, there will be a big shrink. I will not buy it yet, take it to Vyatka, it will be visible there, maybe I will buy it. I have been ordered so far to buy only the most ho korye from 20 to 30 K. for a pud. " Our competitors have developed and left. Looking at it, in Vyatka, the whole factory had an impression that the measles were not bought in Almen and the result was an enormous squeeze, and therefore no one got excited about going to buy measles along the Kotlas line and they wondered why we were buying there We’re interested in this, and no one really needs MA to go on their ownplace and take a look. Thus, we are about the line of Kotlas railway. bought almost one lent five, collecting 50,000 toone.Opt:those-_______593_______ 75,000 pounds per year. Personally, the last time I was not ѣzdil, but bought or headed the purchase Anton Anis. Carry your son and blood Nikon Agalakov, also with his artels, and even with his money, they took the most Vologda residents to the table, but away from the railroad, in depth from 20 to 40 / Nihail Leontyevich Agalakov Leontievich Agalakov. These were respectable, wealthy peasants - the Old Ones. They bought the depths of forest again at a low price of 10-15 kopecks. for a pood and left to dry on the beds until the fall, and in the fall they brought us directly to the factories for horses. For and ME 20-40 verst was to deliver unthinkable on the shoulder kel. it’s expensive, and therefore it was cheaper for them to take lakes for revenge, and in winter, on the first path, the peasants, freed from their work, didn’t expensively carry the bark to us on the sleigh, thus, the result was no worse than the measles of Mikhail and Ivan Leontyevich Agalakovs and no more than collected at stations and with less hassle and without E the cost of personal money, during the summer. For we paid them in si - mine, by the time of the export of measles. But the transportation went gradually, sometimes all winter, and we paid the money in parts. Sometimes a part remained until the summer, before the purchase.BE 1896 –– or 1897 –– the Perm-Yekaterinburg railway was connected by a branch from Yekaterinburg to Chelyabinsk to the Siberian railway. Approximately six months or a year before the departure of Vladim i pa Serrѣevich Zhilin to Tomsk, I was the first time I had a young man, instead of Tyumen, I went shopping for goods to the city of Petropavlovsk. Come to a new place without knowing anyone - and almost no one knew me there, except for the raw dealers and the merchants with whom I met at the Irbit Fairone.or in Tyumen, with Konstantin Ilyich Nazarov, or in raw._______594_______ the camp. But most of them were still BE departing, either in Tyumen or in the Steppe Fair, in Kuendakh, in the south of Siberia, beyond Semipa Latin.I stopped to lodge in furnished rooms at the Russian widow Chernysheva | simply the local name was Chernyshikha. It was as if the breeders were staying with her when they visited Petropavlovsk and other breeders: the Bokovs and Poyarkov, the order of Chika Mikhail Ivanovich Fofonov, but this time she did not have any Vyatka-sky. She took 50 kopecks per room. per day. Bed linen and a pillow, one of the tenants always and throughout Siberia, is supposed to bring their own, as well as soap and a towel, and the bed and bare mattress are lowered into the roomѣ. Samovar 2 or 3 times a day is served free of charge, tea and sugar at the tenant always has his own. Feed Chernyshykha with attendance, but it’s necessary to say this evening whether you will have to sit around with her and take her away, or wherever you will be on a visit. For rounds and ukhin she will charge separately 50 kopecks. for the whole day. But her daily menu is monotonous: cabbage soup made from fat meat and minced meat veal cutlets with onions and a glass of milk with bread. No change is ever made. Besides its furnished rooms, there was Petropavlov - ** also a European hotel with rooms. But there it seemed a lot, the price for the room was from 60 kopecks. to I r. 50 kopecks for but measure, too, without bѣlya. And the overdue portions on the card, it was already three rubles a day. I was advised in advance to rent their property at Chernysh, where it would cost no more than one ruble per day.On the occasion of V. Petropavlovsk on Saturday evening, I, on Sunday I went to church to obduѣ. So at the headmanpa--_______595_______ I began to ask Timofey Semenovich Nekrokov’s address, and a hundred and many others indicated: “Yes, there’s no room for BE church.” I go to the windows of the vat and the service to him, I recommend it. They say: *: "Yes, I’ve seen you on Makhkim’s Bakharev’s from Anempodist and would have recognized him now. You’ve been very at home with your mother. We’ll drink tea with us at least eight. Today is a festive day, there’s nothing to do, and there’s almost no one. We’ll stay with you until the evening, and in the evening we will take you to the city or you will spend the night at our place, and in the morning I will take you to the city with me. " I went to KE: Lekryukov. They are the style you ask, conception, and praise, and how much. I told frankly that even before the Irbit, the raw materials had called here for raw materials, but we didn’t fly until Her fair road was connected from Chelyabinsk to Yekaterinburg, and now we decided to try and take a look, although I could buy a little sample. Tl more on the railway. now it is possible to send from IIetropavlovsk to Byarka. I’ve already taken the Vyatka Khal and took a direct message to Petropavlovsk.T.S. Nekryukov began to say once again that Tatars themselves bought raw materials today expensively, and they are used to making money no less than a ruble on their skin. "Because it’s hardly possible that you can buy cheaply. It would be good if you could take the local broker Husain Abdulov and Tyumenev. Without a broker, our Tatars won’t get any sense soon. Some of them hardly speak Russian, and indeed, they are Tatars with a Tatar, it’s better and sooner to come to an agreement, but Xyca wants to know everything and knows who has some goods, but they seem to have not returned from the Kuendinsky Fair, they go there every year, buy commissary and sheep’s wool for Zlokazov, he’s coming back in Petropavlovsk at the end of June or,Bі.._______596_______began on July 1. If you didn’t come back, then, probably, the other day to come, But, if you need anything to help with the delivery and sending, then invite my nephew Van Yushka Rylov, the son of Ivan Zotovich, this guy is now free and he will be alive field. ”I’m thanks for the advice. I started singing to Rylov E, met Ivan Zotovich’s family and they took me in the evening. - 1 Ivan Ivanovich Fisher - take me to the city. The next day, I went to my apartment on the next morning, take me to the raw-material camp, and Petropavlos did it They called: 1ѣ a new courtyard.This is, for example, near a city; the aisle is fenced with a brick stone wall, and inside three to this wall are a pantry with iron roofs, all of one height, but of different widths in area, some small in 2-3 fathoms wide, and for rich merchants 10-15 sah. there are warehouses, and some raw materials workers even have 2-3 storerooms in a row and are connected by a door. In the middle of the main courtyard a mosque is built. on Tkomenevskaya borea horse . We walked over, said hello, asked: when did they come. 1 It turned out that Alexey Ilyich Vakhrushev was a day later than me, I decided to drop into Petropavlovsk in front of the Tyumen yarilarka and get a little familiarity and buy raw materials for the Petropavlov sample. He stopped at the "European hotel", and from there this morning he sent a boy for a local broker. Khusainom Abdulovich Tyulenev, who only returned from Kuendov yesterday night, and in the morning, at the invitation of Alexey 14lich, he went to his European hotel, and from the hotel he stayed and stayed at the new. I said I'm on Saturday nightB h5Goneoneone.1 years_______597_______Roma was only a day ahead of them, and BE wasn’t seen with any of the raw-materials makers, and yesterday the guest was with T. Nekryukova. I took his word for the fact that almost all of the raw tsiqi were sold and they had 11 paybacks today, it’s unlikely that we will be able to buy it profitably, but so far I haven’t seen anyone raw and didn’t look at anyone else. Khusaini Abdulovich Tyumenev said: “You don’t really listen to it at all. Observe your interests so that you don’t go here and interfere with them. But you yourself, take your time and take a closer look, where you are more profitable, there and buy them. There would be money, but tozarov. Val all and 2-ekryukova enough. " He led Alexei Ilyich keliki to the raw-material workers, i.e. kӣ that throw for which ot 500 pieces. up to 1500 pcs. goat. Thus, they bought 4 or 5 small lots one day. The next day, they all took it in, packed it and brought it to the railway, the railway. Alexey Ilyich telegraphed money from the house. They were transferred to him legally without delay through the State Bank, the completely required Sulallah, and on the next day, having received the money, he settled with all the raw materials and the supper and hal Hal Tyumen. The purchase was made in full for cash and in a hurry, in my opinion his actions did not seem to be cautious at that time, or he was too excited: buying for cash, he could collect at a better price, or choose a better part. After his departure, HusainAbd. Tyumenev pr halk to me offered their service. I told him frankly that I was reading to him: but since Alexey Ilyich was ahead of him, I did not consider myself rightAt the same time ask for his mediation, and secondly I saw * that you and Alexey Ilyich bought everything for cash, but manyTVUHLIA-_______598_______ it’s not suitable, I can pay in cash no more than one third, and credit the rest, ”H. A. Tyumenev said:“ We still have all kinds of goods and all sellers. We’ll find a good product for you and sell it on credit. ”I said that I had almost bought 3,500 leather yesterday from Sibogatulla Khai bib ulovich Gubaidulin. We agreed on the condition of the loan, but it would be more expensive to ask for two-priced against Lizday, I’m going to concede, although I’ll frankly say that the product was much more pleasant than others. Husain Abdulovich say: “I see that you understand the goods, their goods are against the goods” that Alex Ilyich bought are worth a ruble more expensive and he bought maybe 20-30 kopecks cheaper. I’m telling him that we need to wait a little while - to blow big cheese and we’ll get 5000 or 10,000 koy: we’ll buy from one or two better sorting and cheaper, but Alexey Ilyich hurries, didn’t listen to me, it was him. I advise you to immediately buy from Sibogat Gubaidulin at this price, and if necessary, I will give you smaklero from others no worse than the party. "I offered Zhil Khusaln Abdulovich to go with me to Sibogatulla Gubay dulin to make a deep so that it is double-breasted don’t give in, then take me to another raw materials surveyor. Prіkhav k Sibogatulkhѣ Gubaidulin, they spoke Tatar to each other. Husayn takes. From Sibotat and I have the right hands, they join and say: “it's over. Neither in your opinion, nor in Sibogatov, but, in my opinion, half in half, i.e. Get a dime ”give way, and I have to add. For percago times, neither one nor the other can be stubborn. If the first connector will benefit Tom and the other, then for the future you will be friends and you will value one another:I AM-7_______599_______one needs good buyers every year, and another also needs good sellers ex0. ". Indeed, Sibegat obaidulin often didn’t like to remember buyers, they beat me? in a row, neither Petropavlovsk nor the Tyumen Fair showed even their goods to anyone until our company got through and without bargaining left them at the same rate for cash and, on a dime, more expensive than those established at the fair for such sort of prices, but he always sorted was good and joint 20-30 to. more expensive than others. Through eight of our company’s EE, no one went to the Tumen Fair and did not write anything to him. They wait until the end of the fair and NOT the last | days I sold my Tyumen party to Denis Fadievich Zotov, and from that time on, steel was sold to him annually.On this TO22, I entered the IIetropavlovsk ѣ, except for the Sibogatov party, didn’t buy anything else, we decided that for the time being this was enough for the first time. Receive and send many canopies all the time. Ivan Ivanovich. Rylov. For this, I hired him Nul Hugo either to pay with money, but he refused, saying that he would be nice to be useful to a good fellow countryman, and, moreover, it would be useful, through E 11, to make acquaintance with the Tatars of the Sirets - Kali, who, as a result, would know him more and give him ѣ make an offer and recommend it between other raw-material inspectors, otherwise no one knows him and only one gets to him, the ekryukov will refuse to bark, as you are less suitable for him and pass this client to I.I. Rylov. But I nevertheless bought a local Tatar mother of camel wool with a fine sand for two ladies' dresses, and I gave my wife and mother 11 van Ivanovich, and I gave my wife and daughter Hu the same motherFROMeleveng.---Yt--Fitone.re_______600_______ 2 sain Abdulovich Tyumenev, but he was paid the commission set for brokerage "- Kohl, a percentage of the total amount of the Sibogat party. Although it seemed that this party was almost bought by me or the fall was rejected without his participation, but still they didn’t Sibogat Gu baidulin, who until this year had only seen me in Tyumen and Irbit, but didn’t have much to negotiate with me, had a little bargain and rezonil. After sending and cutting it was confirmed that the Petropavlovsk product turned out to be a lot more profitable for Tyumen. and raw materials during the Tyumen fair in: Petropavlovsk. And Alexey Ilya cha, apparently, O. Petropavlovsk purchase turned out to be the opposite result - after cutting, Tyumen purchase is much more profitable than the Peter and Paul. "Therefore! Klichi completely did not pay attention to IIetropavlovsk, as well as none of the other Vyatka breeders, like Alabuzovskie, never shook BE Iіetropavlovsk, but every year we started to go: I - BE ІІІetropavlovsk, and Stepіan p., At the same time, we separated and went by yourself, where it’s more profitable, there pay back. On the next year I [[etropavlovskѣ already bought up to 10,000 skin. I got acquainted with the good Tatarinol raw materialsman Liafѣevѣ. He had a good building up to Vi on the main street, half European taste, tiled stoves and upholstered living room furniture, but with a Tatar restroom on the courtyard. Raw materials heӣ picked up his Vіkіe sorting against. Sibogata Gubaidulina, but also liked Venny against two others to sell more expensively, and thenDo not finish buying buyers. Start 2Anѣ to sell and did not show cow skin to anyone else, annually sold a lot, and some credit conditions were worked out, on the conditiongT frt"_______601_______always selling without any talkѣ. Once, having bought from him and from others, up to 25,000 cow's skins, I decided to go home. He graduated from all the calculations, the clerk in the main courtyard said goodbye to everyone, and at Elaeв BЁ this time was some kind of Stock Stoke Jew to remove the sire - the horse's skin. I, not a small one, then looked and told Khusain Abdulovich Tyumen wu: “Konina is good, if it’s not expensive to fly, I’d buy it, but I’m already far from the telegrams that I call home today and don’t want to stay.” The Bulostok Jew did not buy horse meat, wanting to bargain and see that there are no other competitive buyers for continent. He repeatedly saw me at Asokev and knew that I only buy rifle, i.e. cow counts, didn’t think that I can buy horsemeat. Jew Gone. We turn to Rabѣev: "Why didn’t the Bulostok Jew buy?" asrѣevѣ say: “I asked you for 4 rubles, but he still thinks it is expensive, he thinks that he and the only merchant will run after him. Let him go and look, wherever he can find such a sort of goods for this price.” I say that it’s a lot of fun buying horse meat for a private transfer, because horse money is not available for the treasury, but I would like such a good variety of horse meat for 4 rubles willingly bought it, but, unfortunately, I already spent all the money. " If you want to sell, the entire amount for a horse worth 6 and 9 months, then I will buy for 4 rubles. " Shabev say that the Bialostok Jew was trading for cash, therefore he and she would have to pay 4 rubles of the highest price, and many should be offered to take on credit, but to add bills of exchange. State Bank. II we calculated that approximately 30 kopecks should be released onto the skin. I’ve preposed: “I’ll add a half, that is, 4.15, and you will yield. 14, for all that, he asked for 4 rubles, but it’s not far away, there should be moss_______602_______ hopes for a 3.50 thrust. And you, having sold a lot at 4.15, you, except accounting, will depart at 3.85, at least at p3. They will remain with their noses that he was not able to squeeze Eas and a good product will slip away from under his nose — you will be careful next. But also make respect for the concession, as Valen has constant - Nom for the client on the skin of the skin. Like horse, i.e. if we use the horse’s horse, then maybe we’ll buy the horses from you every year. ”Shaѣev agreed:“ Be according to Vasev’s, take 4.15 each. ”I said:“ Let Husaini Abdulo be an example tomorrow and he will send, upon receipt, the Ot Vasya bills, I will send you the promissory notes to the house. "I agreed. I took the next day a safe to follow Khusain Tyu menevyl and Galeme Salekhovich Biryushev. For communication. He frankly expressed that "110cm days of the purchase of horse-flesh P. A. Vakhrushev put on him with much, namely: buying wine of rawhide, uѣznaya home vdrugѣ or Sh, neither smiling this is not imѣya namѣrenіya longer buy anything pokupaet ektse on my 20,000 rubles goods brand in the kredit poruchaet broker and take, and the uѣzzhaet, obѣtsaya send bills out of the house. It seems that they only do so before bankruptcy, but I have already been given 30,000 loans to him, and the ethics will be 50,000 rubles E. I didn’t think about it at once, but at night this thought came and I almost did not sleep all night, we decided to consult with you. As if they did at home. "Husaini Abd. Tiomenevi said that they themselves had no intention of buying, but the product Li liked, he realized that within six months you would do, there would be little benefit, said that without the cost of 1 it would be possible to try this batch horse meat to buy if Vidѣen_______603_______to want to teach a lesson to the Bialystok merchant, to leave him without a gift. But I still don’t want to stay for a day or two, for I telegraphed home, which is today you 3: ayu. I advised him to go and talk to him, they said that I would try to send tomorrow. He and sir.Galei Salekhovich. The bi photographer, after listening to both, said: “I have no interest on any side. My opinion is that you are all to blame. Vakhrushev - having bought horse meat, I should give the dock a telegram again, which remains for another two days, and Husain - to blame BE TO Es E, that I advised him not to cancel the trip, but to cut it short, and Tsahez to blame that he agreed to leave him, I communicated without sending him. ”But it was only doubt that you soon left, entrusting the broker with editing Before him, Віі, вѣдѣ, did not doubt and were not afraid that 50,000 rubles were it’s risky for him, and now you will motivate your refusal to enter E. Ese. It’s ugly for Vafev to sell off and back off the next day, if it’s to make such a conversation everywhere, then it will undermine the loan to Shlayev and Vakhrushez. - if they had been here today, then you would have talked face to face and just as quickly, at 5 p.m., canceled this offer, how quickly it took place. It is difficult to advise in such matters, it’s better You will contact the manager of the state bank, ask him to deal with his creditworthiness in confidence spine of this company. And I asked Irbit. And. L. Azarov, can HC-do II.A. Shahu Sheva or their trading house. Then many Nazarov said that it is possible, as much as you like, to let them go well and people are sober outside, hardworking, you shouldn’t bathe too much sali, even in cre_______604_______to drink. "lijajev say:" I used to manage the bank before, and many managers say, they even showed them the usual list of all Russia from St. Petersburg, they have credit there: a hundred rubles. But this is a lot of things to be said, they are the line for this trip, here 13. Petropavlovsk, a loan on credit is more than one hundred thousand rubles. Although the manager told me that they could take bills of this company from me and more than one hundred thousand rubles, I still hesitated and thought to stop sending, but I was ashamed of what to say - I didn’t keep my word. And if you, Galya, confirm the tear of K.I. Nazarova, that you can lend as much as you like, then this is enough for me, better than any bank si_ equal. I’m a sign that Niya Nazarov, no Birinov, shouldn’t say the wrong word for nothing. Now I will sleep stі okay. Husain, you can don’t even send them now. "I thanked Mr. Biryushev and the whole horse was sent to another. A few weeks later we received a duplicate train and a bill at home, without knowing anything, we sent bills, and only on the next. prіdzd in Petro Pavlovsk, city of Biroshev, in the presence of Tsai Fev and H. Tyumenev, said this in detail many times and condemned me mainly for the departure: “I was obligated, buy B, to say that I was giving a telegram and I stay for a day, and everything was BE BE 11 orderѣ. You would send it yourself, make calculations and squeaky, as always, well, otherwise you would arrange it so that if you bought it on the go, it is not oxidized for the gray-haired person and for others and for some reason, nobody knows - woohahl, do not even ruin stay for a day ki. If there was - if I were on Shafѣev’s stadium, maybe I would also think about it: to follow or not to: send it to 20,000 rubles. with such tactlessness or ambiguity of your return. Listen to all this, I ska_______605_______ a hall that I just realized and see that I, indeed, acted very tactlessly and without any purpose or for little sorrow, and caused great commotion to Mr. Shafiev, and therefore I sincerely repent and apologize. They liked it. G.S. Biryukov say: "Now, however, for you to evo, we make a unanimous decision: for the future, after the completion of purchases and all calculations, we’ll have to detain you every three days to walk and treat everyone: one day at Vakhrushev, the second day at Shaf шev, and the third day at Khusain Abdulovich. " shafѣevѣ say: "That's right, and do it." And I say - and I agree, but I increase the punishment by one more day - the fourth day I will go for a walk and have a meal at Galei Salekhovich. I know that he also has a very good kumys and swim from a young Kalmyk lamb. They snapped back and confirmed: “Right, right, we walk for four days.” And everyone turned the joke, “" to the incident and to be exhausted. ”Every year, having finished the purchase and all the calculations, the next day I left, and all my sellers escorted me to the station. The habit of the New Siberian train to Chelyabinsk passed through Petro Pavlovsk after 8 o’clock in the evening, but was often late and passed around midnight. All the time for dinner, for dinner, at 8:00. Old people with their sons, and sometimes with senior employees. We all sit down in the first-class hall, in the buffet. I am Shafev, Sibogatom. Gubaidulin and Ҳigmatulla Yarulin sit down at the head of the table, sit down next to him - on one side of the table Biryushev, and on the other hand, on the contrary, Biryushev, Husain Abdulovich Tyumenev sits down. Given to me_______606_______order to serve all tea cups and 3. 4 pain Shiha teapots tea and boiling water. For Biryushev and for Khusain. Tyumenev from the other end seated all the rest, just the same, merchants, and sons prіkhavikh on seeing off the old people and their home.In secret, it was told to the barman at the main end of the table, the elderly, to serve clean tea and cookies, and at the back, to the youth, serve 2 teapots of cognac and a third - tea. Biryushev and Khusain, sitting in the middle of the table, pour on both our teapots and our own, and the youth drink everything from their Nick's tea, and I drink clean tea with the elderly. Come all late. Kettles are empty and replaced with new ones. At the back end, it’s starting to be smarter, and the faces are red, up to Khusain Tyumenev and Mr. S. Biryusheva inclusive. Shafѣev understood something and said: “Something at the end of the table had a lot of fun, there must have been cupcakes of ima and worse, the spent tea is given, but we should have good tea: we drink the same amount and we don’t blush and have no fun.” Galey with . Birshev say: "You are sitting by the window, you are blowing air, and we are closer to the cupboard, warm here. Transfer to our places, and with. You’ll be the same. "In cѣ they laughed and continued tea drinking.Finally, at midnight, the Peter and Paul Station is suitable for the postal and passenger train service. All the drunken youth - Tatars, grab my luggage and all tumble into the carriage of the 2nd class in a noisy way, shouting: "Conductors, guide: Come on." And in the “carriage” the whole audience was awakened, they woke up with all this noise. I hear a grumble: “What the hell, what the hell is there? You can make such a noise. Could it be that a soldier has been driven into our car.” Nako_______607_______Nice, the conductor pointed the top shelf over one by sleeping as a passenger, who woke up and grumbled more than all. i'm fit. He asks: "How many little people of you sit down, do not we really have to get dressed and eat the rest of the night while sitting." I see - a friend is lying and asking me, namely M.I. Lyapunovѣ, Iz Tomsk, companion Vlad.Serg, Nili - on. I distract him: “Don’t worry, Mikhail Petrovich, I’ll sit down and go with you, but this is only a mate who has drunk more people. I’ll delete them now.” They put my things on the indicated place. I tried to get out of the carriage on the platform and left myself, apologizing to all the unbridled passengers. Someone said: "Well, thank God, it seems that only the smart one remains and eat with us, but the crazy ones remain here." Train. at the station Petropavlovsk cost minutes. 15. I went out, said goodbye to everyone, thanked for the honor, for seeing me off and invited the old people to go home as soon as possible, and most importantly - to take away the noisy youth, because passengers express dissatisfaction for the noise. Everyone left immediately. I quietly returned to the carriage and did not - slowly go to sleep on my place. In the morning they began together with. M.P. To drink Lyapunov tea inside the carriage, since I always carried my own cellar — suitcases for two appliances. The conductor brought us boiling water, we had tea, Fali and talked. It turned out that A.P. Lyapuny again, to go to the Nizhny Rodsky Fair to sell the yachted leather you bought, because you must sell it in Toy and own your own shop - shops, but it is impossible to sell the whole leather in bulk at the place. And consider Lyapunov to open a shop for yourself beyond the strength of financial considerations. Uzhilina is also a little money, but counted on_______608_______ my help was cabled twice by many, but I did not have the ability, at least for a while, to translate them and to refuse to refuse. We reached Chelyabinsk with Lyapunov together. They said goodbye to me - I’ve gone to Yekaterinburg, Perm and Vyatka, and n. P. Lyapunov again - through Ufa to Samara, and then to the coast along Volg, to Nizhny Novgorod. В fairѣ L.P. Lyapapu again sold the skins that were made for good and decided to continue tannery chatting with Zhilin in the same way. In the spring, at the end of February, I decided to go to Tomsk together with my wife and took my daughter Dela, six years old, who hadn’t studied yet, and the older ones, Denya and Vincent, had already begun to study and stayed at home, as well as a young girl - Kolya and Valya stayed at home with her nannies, in the care of her grandmother and grandfather. We stayed at Zhilins in Tomsk for a week or two, all in a good way. Companions, apparently, were satisfied with one another, but for lack of funds. working capital, the business did not develop and almost all revenues were absorbed by overhead expenses, working capital did not increase, but nothing could be done. We broke up well. The Khilins and the Lyapunovs took us to the station, and Yekaterina Vasilyevna Lyapunova brought the doll to the station and presented her to our case, who, of course, had the best memory for every child, that is, this trip to Tomsk, V. Vyatka we They arrived safely, but when we drove along the Vyatka railway station, then located near the men's seminar, driving through the provincial hospital’s minor, the road was all deep dive, it was already beginning to melt, because it was already a month old and all the dives were full. We ѣ wandered from the train station to the small ѣ sled. In one such diving_______609_______the cabman rolled over and the whole cab was dumped all over us. Apollinary Alex. ѣhala vá mѣhovy rotundѣ, and I v dohѣ. All of our coats were soaked that when we left Rukavishnikov’s house and hung the rotunda over the basin, then it would bring a full basin to the water. But thanks to the fact that we were sick, where we fell out and got wet, close to Rukavishniko’s house, we, although we had wet files, but not for long, didn’t freeze, Ipіnkhavki Rukavishnikovysh, we are all wet - clothes andle - changed and immediately warmed up. Thanks to this, they remained completely healthy.It seems that this trip was in the spring of 1899. And in the spring of 1900, on Easter, our son, Fight, was born on April 14. But before him, you are 1897. the son of Sergiy was still born; which, in a year, seems to die about studs. When the wife was in the last pregnancy period with. Boris, four-year-old son is our. Kolya, Chistye Mondelnik, after the bath, this night in the room on the window, due to the negligence of the nanny. And on the street at that time, our cutter came to work from the village of Makarya. Nikolai Andreyevich Korobov and Vyatskiy Muscovite Sidorov, also our 80 cutter. When they saw the boy on the window, they began to joke, talk and laugh through the glass. 5 or 10 minutes passed, the boy was about cold. The next day, a strong temperature rose and turned red in the throat. They called the doctor who determined scarlet fever. He ordered the sick boy to isolate, to separate from all other children. Apollinarіya Alexѣ evna s. Kolya was placed in the upper floor of this house, in the apartments of Pavel Fedorovich, since their apartment was empty, there. only one bedroom’s bed ѣ night Mikhail Ivanovich Lagunov,_______610_______in the form of a guard - a housekeeper, and all the rooms were heated. She took one room during the day. Apollinar Al. from. Kolya and daily sent him a throat lubrication. He was not given, but she found a remedy - gave him 5 rubles. gold. It’s far and grease through. 10 I gave my mother gold for safekeeping. On the next day, again, he will not let me lubricate and declare: "If you give me the gold again, then I agree, I will give the grease." She is pleased. give him that golden one, and so it went every day. When she put Kolya to sleep in the evening, she comes down to bed herself and tells that a stupid child is trying to heal him, and you only need every gold lubrication, and it doesn’t mean that I give him the same gold, but they return all to storage. Finally, on Great Thursday, he finally liked the scarlet fever, they were lowered from above. He presented to K. mother the demand - to give him a look at thirty gold, which were transferred to her for storage. She became deadwait for him, that she gave all the same gold, for his own personal good. He disagrees with such arguments. I had to intervene a lot, as an intermediary, to give one hundred rubles, which my mother kept, but later, by agreement, some updates were spent on a stitch.On Great Thursday, Apollinariya Alekseevna finished caring for the sick, and on the sixth day of Easter, on Friday, that is, after 8 days, she gave birth to Boris. Although always for children we had two nannies and a maid, and sometimes two, and a home teacher, in Apollinarii Alekseevna there was a lot of trouble and care and trouble with them. When there was little Vikentiy, from the 1st to 5th years, he had a chance to push himself what got into it. One_______611_______she shoved the cod of the pine nut shell, but with her sharp end ahead, her mother could not have become this shell. The baby cry, flings its nose, and the shell farther away the ear. He drove him to Slobodskaya K to Dr. Ivanovsky. The dock put itself on the forehead. take a mirror and take out the shell. The next time, that is, Vincent, pushed himself into. "the nostril of the rowan berry, after a year or so, pushed a bead into the nostril. But the last two times Apollinariya Alekseyevna herself got it without a doctor, although with great martyrdom. Then, when there was still a year, he sat on a chair, and Wiken was there 4 years old, I was crouched behind and jumped to the upper side of the chair with one foot. The chair with the child fell on him, on Vincent. The last one managed to bounce off the side, and the chairs with the child, let go of the ground. Kohl with the crown of the head, heads hit the chairs, and the chairs hit On the boy’s head, on the crown of the head, the skin was pierced, the tops were half-length, like a half-month, the mass of blood fell in. They called the local belishera, took measures, stopped the bleeding. it hurt, and if the blow was still more feasible, then the child would have died. With all this, my mother had to worry and tinker, because I was often out of business and busy with factory and sales affairs, then all care about. the upbringing of children and their health lay wholly on Apollinarii Alekseevna. Epistle of Boris, at the end of May month, Apol. Al I have not yet had time to fully recover my health, I almost never leave home for the station Cotted for a purchase and looked at the purchase of measles, which in Kotlas for other stations produced_______612_______ dill Anton An.Nosovѣ. BE the end of May, I receive a telegram from Kotlas: “I am cabled from Tomsk. On the occasion of the Boxing Station in China, mobilization has been announced throughout Siberia. Owner Sergey Khilin will be mobilized. If possible, please get home.” I left an order for Anton Anisimovich Nosov to go around all the procurement points together with me, to find out how much money would need to be cabled to each person before graduation, and upon returning home I would send him all the required amount to the windows and, possibly, in the next 5-10 days I’ll leave for Tomsk., and from there I will go to Petropavlovsk, I will travel one and a half or two months. * You are in Kotlas and at all stations in the end of the purchase of measles. Look for the removal from E Vyatka to the backwaters and spend all the work to the end, just like the last year. "When I arrived home from Kotlas, I saw the whole family cry that the soldiers took Vladimirov Sergey Sergeevich, to hijack China in war. Our daughter Anna Alexandrovna, with three children, was left alone on the alien sideѣ how she would live there. I looked through the telegram received from me from Shomsk without me, saying: “Calm down, while there is still no official war with China and it seems that there is no complete mobilization, it’s not clear from those legends that I’m already being accepted and sent. in addition, his companion in Tomsk is a powerful man. Lyap has a new tanner’s capital spent more money on Zhilinskago. Without Khilin, Lyapunov was about to die, the tannery is closed, and therefore Lyapunov, at least for the first time, needs to have Khilin either zamѣѣ, and therefore, if perhaps it will take Lyapunov vsѣ mѣry to to leave_______613_______Zhilina, at least for the first time in Tomsk. "Indeed, the next day I receive a telegram that "at the request of the companion, I and his confidant, Konstantin Zakharovich, were enrolled in the clerical office of the military commander for mobilization for the compilation of the mobilization: the list was not open all day long, We’re at least every day. " .On the first day I had to go to Petropavlovsk. I in juvenile wandered ten days earlier than usual, without stopping at. Petropavlovskѣ passed straight to Tomsk. When you go there, you see - everyone is calm, the leatherwork is going on, and Vladimi r. Sergeyevich Zhilin in the morning to give the entire order to the factory, at 9 in the morning he goes to the military stationery, and for breakfast. come home. C2-x to 6 is again engaged in the office of the military clerk. So did the trusted J.P. Lyapunov, Konstantin Zakhovich, and both do not worry what they have to do. Harbor for war. I talked to. Lyapunov, saying: "With your connections, you didn’t take away opportunities, at the necessary financial costs, to procure so that both of the people you needed were rejected and left to you, so that the military office would not break away from its business." Lyapunov reassured me: “Everything can be done without any expenses, and it’s been communicated that these two will not be sent further than the local military office, and those who are mobilized and sent from Tomsk can’t be reached to China by the way will end, because it’s not a war, but a boxing rebellion, and all the powers to help China crush the rebels who are increasing in general. " I lived in Tomsk for a week, I talked about everything about V.S.Zhilinyyay. I learned from him that Iyap is once again tanned. eighteen_______614_______ They began to look without interest and talk about datsi liquids, also looking for a buyer and for a match factory, BE money is in great need, and therefore doesn’t increase investment in tannery, but tries to reduce it. It is very difficult to work with small means, and it will be even more difficult if Lyapu again leaves and the tench remains alone. Is it possible to find a small factory in Petropavlovsk and cross that. Yes, at least a brother from Tatars to work out and mu herself to work without a companion. I advised to consult with. Petropavlovsky and new acquaintances, raw materials producers.ІІpiѣkhav V. Petropavlovsk, I expressed all this to Khusain Abdulovich Tyumenev. They said that it’s now difficult to find a backwater for rent, but there’s a small leather one for the water, which costs nothing. It was bought by the Tyumen fur coat factory Chik, Alexey Matvichievich Rylov, who transferred the tannery for water to the inside of it, but the exterior factory and house remained untouched. It seems that they bought this backwater for three thousand rubles and would be glad to sell it for the same price, because he had earlier left his father and left Tyumen Petropavlovsk from Tyumen, wanted to work on his own, but something went bad for him . At this time, his father in Tyumen to die, leaving. all to him as his only son. Then Alexa Mat. Rylov drove all over and threw in Tyumen, they instructed one person to look for a buyer. I instructed Husain Abd. Tyumenev to see Rylovskoy friend, if indeed, this authority to sell, ask the price and conditions, and whether it is impossible for us to inspect these days. If I find suitable, I will write Vlad. from. Zhilin, and we will be with A. 21. Rylov personally bargaining_______615_______ I’m very familiar with him. As for taking it as a trophy, if the kilin is better: no worse than Ekrukov, then he will be given the tycoon as much as you like, I’m vouching for it. Sun. They need to be prominent, but Mekryukov is already arrogant, steel is rich, he only tries his own work, or requires 4 rubles from the skin. The next day, Husain Abd. Tyume. I don’t bring the keys to the plant and found out that d. 1. I ordered to sell the backyard and all the property for cash - 3,000 rubles, and if the buyer appeared credit and good, then write about the strength to him, but a week later, as if, Alex A. Rylovѣ themselves will be Her Petropavlovskѣ. I am with. Husain. Ab. Tyumenev’s poghal and inspected the backwater. I liked everything, the price is very cheap, but there are plenty of ash and ash inside the plant. Break out and everything is fitKi small fur-sheepskin production. It is necessary to spend 1,500 or 2,000 rubles again on reconstruction and adaptation for a tannery. All this I am writing. reported to V.S. Milin. He quickly dismissed that he would very much like to quickly take over Petropavlovsk, "as soon as I am free from military service, I can quickly liquidate the building and La Punov, I see that it will only be free to unleash and prevent the liquidation. There is no way, at 28 no more than three thousand will free up their share in net money. Enough to buy the plant, but I will have nothing to take on equipment and repairs. If you can find results, help Anna, then buy from Alexey Rylov for water. Or if you can’t buy from him by installments paid. "A week later, I received Ot V.S. Khilin in Petropavlovsky otvt, and at the same time, I was in Petropavlovsk Alexey n. Rylovѣ and came to many, saying: "We are very glad that there isone_______616_______ is such a customer, my old friend. I’ll sell it with great pleasure. "I frankly said that" I looked for V.S. Zhilina, which is tanned by a Tovsk companion, but for a great deal, rent is expensive, and a companion does not give enough working capital, because production does not develop, all income is absorbed by overhead costs. V.S.Khilin about the power to find me something for rent, a small fee. You would be willing to rent your backwater if they were not transferred to the dental one, but again transferred to the tannery. it is necessary to spend 2000 rubles on alteration again, but you will pay! 3000 rubles, this ear go 5000 rubles. You yourself bought for 3000 r. and worked for 2 or 3 years, - something needs to be written off and paid off, and therefore you will give way .. or yn for 2000 rubles. Or, if you want to take 3000 rubles, then pay him three years. "A.!. Rylov said:" Money 3000 rubles. I didn’t give in, but if you insist, then for Vasya’s sake I’ll put off half a year, half at the completion of the deed, in cash. ”I said:“ I will drink to him, but I think that Hilin will not agree; so that it is, internal, I suggest that you decide to write a lot like this: 1 000 r. in cash and at the conclusion of a II deed, and for the rest I000 p. - bill of exchange for a year at 1,000 p. - a bill for 2 years. Then I would advise him not to bargain anymore, but to end, and if you still stay here for 3-4 days, I will ask you to telegraphly turn off and then I’ll finish here with you. ”Al. Hesitated a little, thought about five minutes and said : "Yes, perhaps it’s better, while you are here, to immediately do the job, then send the correspondence. Write to V.S.Khilin and ask him to quickly turn it off by telegram, but I still have my own business for 2-3 days. If, at the end of them, they still have a day, they’ll bring another_______617_______If I’m waiting for Zhilinsky’s response, I will stay for another 2 days and, at least, the deal will be immediately finished either side. ”I wrote to V.S. hastily repel, After three days, I receive the telegraph message: “Agree with your opinion, please buy and don’t miss.” I asked H.A. Tyu menev to send B. Tkumenev for A. M. Rylov. luck to me. I told AL Rylov that consent from V.S. or - on the received. “Let's pray to God and write in the home ku. zalisku vѣ vidѣ zaprodazhnoy. And then, BE rechenіi ce of exposure The polugo V.S.tiilini that vіv free, prі. rides themselves here and zdѣs Sh Vashim dovѣrennyam. Sdlaet bill of sale, will issue promissory notes and money, but if you need to Vam vekselyaҳ personally my guarantee, then I will sign later when I am in Tyumen or we meet in Ir bit. " A. I. Rylov said: “Thank you for your support and sales, and I don’t need to guarantee Easha yet, although I hardly know V.S.Kilin, but if you take care of him, I’m driving away, "just like YOU’m lying, that if you hadn’t done it, you wouldn’t have to work for him."At the end of the same 900th year, V.S. The family lived in jail from E Tomsk to Petropavlovsk, having lived BE Tomsk for 1/2 year, without increasing or decreasing their means. BE Petropavlovskѣ, according to prіzdѣ, set the stage for the perfection of the deed of purchase for the backwater, and then for the repair of the plant. The Novaga of the year, i.e. ВЕ 90th year, the beginning of coca to draw V. Petropavlovskѣ. At my request, the ecu, on his arrival, prepared the first horse meat Hig diatulla Yarulin for the dressing. They didn’t have time to finish the repair of the factory, as he had sent horse-horsemeat to his factory on his horses. and all ѣ _______618_______ “Sorry to get to know and brought” 500 rubles; money was issued to the account; He said: “Pyotr Aleksandrovich asked me to help you, and I hurried - I bring you goods and money. Quickly work and try. If you are good at leaving, we will fall asleep with work, you will have to increase the backwater, and we will help, good “Reliable people are well-wished, and we don’t like Ekrukov, he was very arrogant.” Things were going. Before all Yarulinsky goods succeeded in letting go of the water, like Khusain Abdulovich Tyumenev, he again scored thousands of two leathers and brought back the deposit for the money, one ruble to the skin. V.S. Zhilini was frightened and began to ask Kh.A. Tyulenev to recruit more for now - we must first extradite and surrender to Yarulin. Let everyone see if they are satisfied, and if they are unsatisfied, then at the party immediately send me the changes when I’m full and I’ll like my product, then we’ll gain as much as possible up to the factory We’ll recruit all, they will hurry by a certain time, but I won’t send it. at all from worn-out show their accuracy. " Indeed, in the first year they sent alien goods up to five thousand cabins, all passed the deadline, they were all very pleased with the goods and demanded that he increase the backwater for production to 10,000 leather. He earned up to 5,000 rubles in the first year: he spent all the money on increasing the plant. With the construction site, almost as much as what happened Rylovskiy backwater, those. backwater steelE_______619_______ twice as much and with full equipment. He was secured for the whole year by the extraction of goods and deposits on materials. They worked very well all winter. In spring, during the creep ’sig, passing through the ІPetropavlovsk Иuilib river spilled over to unprecedented times, because around the 8-rail-road bridge passing through Ishim river, ice congestion was blocked by the bridge. The river immediately rose half an hour above the bridge by a fathom, flooded the entire meadow part and all the tanneries and all the buildings were located on that side of the river. Water was strong at all the factories and all the wooden fences were taken, the second property sailed differently, located in the yards: carts and cattle and goods. Who succeeded, one hundredwhether to take cattle to the 2nd floors and climb higher themselves. The Zhilin workers managed to drag the horses and the cow to the second floor of the Kamennago plant. Themselves were at home in the 2nd. floorѣ and prepared, as the water will prove to be in the 2nd that way, we all decided to climb the roof. So spent about 5 hours, half-starved. Towards evening, apparently, under the bridge, the water of breakthrough and mash began to decrease. During the night, the water left the house and the factory from the lower floors, on the second day the water left the yard and took away all the fences and everything that was in the yard, and most importantly, the valuable water from silin took all the wool off the skin, you ten rubles and all the material prepared for business. Both the silt and the silt did not drag away the leather into the chanakh and ash-houses, but all the material in the chanah and ash-houses spread to water. Everything had to dry out and re-fill pork and material mi. Punished V.S.Ilina with this ceiling. fifteen thousand, completely ruined. To begin to cope - and again there was nothing left, but also with debts. The skin that was taken must be completed, all the crushes taken were spent on materials, amafrom_______620_______ the territories all died, they didn’t have to finish. Two days later, the water subsided so much that it became possible to drive from the city to the factories on horseback. First of all, Husaini Ab.T komenev and Galei Sal came to him. Biryulev. To see - everything is empty all around, not only the fence - not a single pillar left. They started}} or to crush the whole family, but they all roared, fell down home, did not know what to do. The raw materials inspectors, from whom they took the goods for goods, began to acknowledge, too, to see - inexperienced - this trouble, they also began to reassure Ilya that this was a common blessing, the sent ol of God, not that his guilt, and that they should all pay for this misfortune . And so now they again gave him the makings of a ruble to his skin, so that immediately he could buy all the other materials and finish the skin, and the old makings until now had been taught not to subtract, but drown, gradually, in two or three years, subtract not much of the earnings of the following. But Galei Salekhovich told Khusain Abdulovich to drive into the woods yard and arrange to send poles and horses to the fences immediately, and submit the bill to Biryushev. In the course of a week - two, everything was fine, work went on again, only the wool dragged away by ten thousand, it was very unfortunate, since no one could have returned it or rebelled in any way. Over the following years, again E.S. Zhilin had to work again, but all the Tatars were very close to him and everyone helped, who was the sea, and most of all Biryushev and H.A. Tyumenev. Two years later, V.S. Bilinopyat managed, paid all his local debts, again arranged and expanded his backwaters and the beginning, apart from the stranger's business, to work a little of his goods as well, took a shop in the chewed row and took a clerk, Vyatskoe_______621_______Makaryevskago, Nikolai Alexandrovich Koshkarev. But in 1904 ... the Russo-Japanese War took place and throughout Siberia there was a volume = "mobilization has been revealed. But before the announcement of the mobilization, V.S.Khilin accidentally, behind his own hands, came out of Vyatka. Being in Vyatka, he received the following telegram from his wife: "Mobilization announced. They brought in an order to appear as a reserve ordinary soldier. I did not accept, said that you are Vyatka, and N. A. Koshi is a brown man, that is, as a reserve soldier, you’ve been taken and sent to Manch by journal. " You consulted and suggested to V.S.Khilin that we should stay with us for a while, and henon wrote: “Finish up the goods and many products in the factory, do not take the goods again. When you finish everything, lock the house and take water, call Vyatka. What will you need? , for help and advice please contact G.S. Biryushev and K. Kh. A. Tyumenev. " Six months later, my sister Anna Al. :: Ilya with children, from Petropavlovsk went to the village, and then owned by her husband and V.S. Zhilin, the whole family moved to the village of Uspenskoye, to their house. At that time, the Zemstvo school had already got out of his house and was discovered in the village of Uspensky. Ministerial School.BE connection with the memoirs of your stay in Petropavlovsk, I forgot to describe my uninteresting first trip home from Petropavlovsk.I already reported that for the first time. I Grіykhal v Petropavlov c. 1896 or 1897, when the Siberian Railway was just was connected to. I bought a ticket from Yekaterinburg to Chelyabinsk from Perima, but from Vyatka to Petropavlovsk, I bought tickets for the 2nd class direct ticket from the Vyatskao ticket office. For the first time I lived 15 or 20 days. Day 3 or 4 before my departure demobi, prikhal V. Petropavlovsk_______622_______ Alexey Nikolaevich Bokov, buy sheepskin. Through the mediation of Khusain A. Tyulenev, he immediately bought the quantity he needed and sent it to him. Sending a transport office. One thing with me is fucking dozi oh. II to drive both of us to the wok hall / d. And OEus us on his horse themselves Husain Abd. There was no one to see Tyumen apart from him. I asked Bokov and Tyulenev to pick up my bag and take it for me and Bokov to be near in the 2nd grade, and I went to the cashier to buy 2 tickets of the 2nd grade. They went straight to the platform, for the train came already to the station without delay. Having waited at the box office for the next night, I asked Vyatka 2 for a 2nd class direct ticket, Kassir Ayan, to declare that it was on Perskaya railway. yet the direct message is not openly open, and it cannot sell a ticket. "If you want, take it to Chelyabinsk, and in Chelyabinsk you will get new tickets to Vyatka." I began to argue that "I’ve been two hundred days earlier already ѣahal from E Vyatka to Petropavlovsk on direct bi-fly, meaning even then there was official direct communication open. Or why don’t you want us to sell tickets at a discounted rate , i.e. direct communication,but you offer broken tariffs, which we will greatly increase the cost of the fare. "The cashier shouted at the child:" What have you come to teach me, I have already served dozens of dozens and know more than yours what is possible and what is impossible. Take it if you want 2 tickets to Chelyabinsk, but do not want to, so come on in, give others a turn. Until Vyatka direct tickets, you were told while you were about to sell. "I take two tickets to Chelyabinsk, go into the carriage, look for A.N. Bokov and my fust and grumble in half voice, condemning the cashier’s rudeness and rudeness. Against nasi sit well:_______623_______ one passenger, he listens and says: "As I understand it, you were denied a rude cashier to sell a direct message ticket on an unlawful basis, and in pursuit of you I advise you to write down a complaint about him in a complaint book." I say: "I don't give a damn, from E - for 10 rubles. We just have to stay on the train, but I would write. Tlassazhirі sisva, according to Evaya Vosk, say: "For you for 5 or 10 rubles, leather is valid, indeed, and the film costs, but for another, such an illegal cashier’s operation may force the person to pay the last 5 rubles that he has prepared for 2-3 days of reading at 11 URI and they will take the bridle for 3 days to go hungry, and therefore I’m very willing to write all this in detail in a book, at least in Chelyabinsk or Vyat - k; you don’t have to stay at that station for recording where before you road workers were discovered not for the horse or rudeness, you can, though in 2-3 weeks: at any train station, ask for a ticket from the duty station and record a complaint indicating the location, day and hour and the person who committed the illegal act and at the same time, for testimonies, indicate at least two witnesses and their address, as well as their address. " I said: “Thank you for your advice, but we’ll think, maybe we can write E” While we were flying from Petro Pavlovsk to Chelyabinsk for 24 hours, we met with a hired passenger, and dealt with cards. It turned out that he was specializing in 10 editions of tiles for stoves and cement tiles of different colors for parquet floors at train stations and workshops. They asked me a lot about Vyatka and got to know whether BE Vyatka could be connected with this. to / roads, find entrepreneurs and open tiled and ce -Mento-tiled factory.th factoryѣ on a companion basis, I told him_______624_______ could not deflect this matter definitely, admitting that he is not competent in these matters. If he is interested, then follow him at Prіykhat’s Zyatka’s own house and keep his wounds intact. Now, on the railroad to Vyatka, it takes only two days to travel .. He told me that he went to Tomsk with this purpose, but to no avail. Now he returns to Samara for ay oy, which, having swept along the Volga, wait for him in Samara, and then on to the Miren to go home through Warsaw, you are Warsaw. But after a conversation with me, maybe I’d better carry Yekaterinburg, Perm and the 5th. AN SE NIE said goodbye to Chelyabinsk. He will be sent to Ufi Amsks-Samarsky train and after hours he will pass to Samara. Nam to Yekaterinburg-liermy-Vyatka had to expect a train half a day. Bokov and I took new 2nd class tickets from Chelyabinsk to Vyarka. Calculated - it turned out with us. ne replati, approximately 7 or 8 rubles. on every one. I’m a lagad to Alexei N. Bokov: I must have left too much common cash at the cashier’s cashier, I’ve got a book at the station Chelyabinsk. Bokov categorically refused, said: “I’m afraid that you will not incur troubles after yourself. If you want, write.” Then I rѣshі 11Аь from my name to write a complaint, and Alexѣya Nick. I asked Bokov to give permission for writing only as a witness. B! Іsі: CE Husain Om Abd. Tyumeeval. Bokov agreed the last time.Free time was half a day, there was nothing to do. He spotted Dengurnai'o at the station, warning. It is necessary to write down a complaint about the cashier station Petropavlovsky. The station duty officer, without words, recounted the book and said: “When you are done, bring the book to a large office or come after me. I will come back to this box and lock the book, and stand_______625_______many times while you write - once, I have my urgent business. "I took the book, read the previous 2-3 complaints, to get acquainted with the system, how to write and to whom the address is addressed - it turns out - everyone writes: to someone who’s died: * I detailed in 3 pages the complaint book of the circumstances of my misunderstanding Yonіya s cashier касс station 11etropavlovskii recorded 13 tickets issued to Petropavlovsk н yn and Bokova, as well as enter KI? new tickets to leave Chelya and the amount indicated by us for tickets to Petropav ovsk and Chelyabinsk, as well as the indicated price of my ticket on the shortest route from Etyatka to Europe. Indication of children and Khusain Ab. Tyumenєv, who was accompanying me to Petropavlovsk station and living at home in Petropavlovsk. a testament instructed by Alek sya N. Bokova, coming with me and constantly marveling at the BE of the Vyatka province, Slobodskoe uzdzhe Shepelevskoy volost, with its own name shu bі10-Ovchinno mѣ zavod. Iotome and all this I am the signatures, I must indicate my address, the name and profession, putting down. number, month and year. Call A. Bokov, read to him and suggested "Do you want to sign it as a witness." They again categorically refused and expressed their agreement that he had signed up for a witness - he was afraid that they would not call E Petropavlovsk to ore. I reassured him that this could not be, and if you cause it, we can turn it off with letters. They handed over the initial complaint to the nickname on duty at the station. He glanced that the whole book, set out by the Valoba, was signed, with the address of the complainant indicated. Without reading my complaint, I wrote a book in boxes and a pen. In the evening you left by train in Vyatka. 3 or 4 passed_______626_______ month. You have forgotten about your complaint. Both get through their volost government: receive transfers by? P. 75k and pass the receipt. Unable to understand how much money, for what, I ot whom. Having arrived from the past, the RKNZ DOES NOT have its own volost, having received an action to pack up and print and read it !: "Basing on the basis of Bachey? Chelyabinsk; if you would like the Government of the Siberian road to attract I’ve immediately rejected the fact that I thank the Board of the Siberian Railways for attentive attitude to my complaintsѣ and the sire’s grateful resolution, which I am satisfied with. station Petropav11 OvskAlenky udart in his pocket, and most importantly - that the Government admitted to his horns that he was wrong, that he should teach him BE his future service, be considerate of the cause and be yours: Diva. My distant hee hee his pretext, I refuse and, if possible, I ask the Board to forgive him.When I saw each other, through two days, Alexey N. Boko, you! E, they told us that they also received a third newsletter from E B0 and were surprised. Passing by mime accidentally. Oh, come on. In the last government, they received money and signed that they had no complaints. So it came to an end.Through a month our familiar Pole, tiled craftsmen,one .fromone,N_______627_______ Vyatka appeared with his wife. Stayed in Siberian rooms. Alexander Ivanovich Silin, who at. Moscow liquidated its auction hall, married young and old, and finally moved to live in Vyatka in their own house, which is located on Preobrazhenskaya Street. I bought it on Spasskaya Street, next to the Volga-Kama Bank, a vet house, broke it and set up a large two-story stone house. On the lower floorѣ there are shops that leased: Kolokolnikovu Tyumen for trading in bulk grains круп and go to the office of Gri Bushin, for wholesale and retail trade in teaѣ. And on the top floorѣ Silin arranged a hotel - rooms for apartments, the name of the Siberian Hotel. Sami Al. Willow Xilin exploited this hotel, it was true for the managing director, for the hotel was small, only room 25.Our Polish acquaintance with his wife stopped in this hotel and immediately met with A.I.Silin, showing him my business card, and once again asked Silin about me - did he know me and could not give me advice as to them. pass to many. Xilin was told that not only know me, but also know my whole family and consider my closest friends. BUTYou can go to the village of Voznesensko-Vakhrushevo by mail or zemsky horses. But maybe there’s no need to do it - first you should check with his father-in-law, here in Vyatka, at Alexey Alexandrovich Rukavishnikov, for the Vakhrushevs go from Vyatka every week to 3 and stop at their relatives. The next tiled masterѣ asked A.I.Silin to send an employee to A.A. Rukavishnikov, to find out whether I was in Vyat, or when I would be. They brought from the news that today Vakhrusheva was living, and tomorrow, the day after tomorrow, she’ll probably be.!_______628_______ A. Schlin, on the other hand, asked the prіzzkago, if not to tell, I’m glad, and his curiosity, to reconcile inside how he is familiar with his friend. P.A. You zahrune and they urgently want them to sleep soon and we will see each other. I spoke and told; "As we met in the carriage, we talked about a new specialty in equipment from a cement or concrete base, such as BE Vyatka, they personally advised ourselves to pass BE Vyatka and examine the place myself. I want to go and get everything They should continue to talk and ask for help and advice - KE who would you like to contact, and whether it would be possible to bring someone in to the company. Or would they want to be a partner in this organization. "Al. Seeling took an interest in this idea and stated that "in his opinion, this is good. For Vyatka, such a backwater is desirable calf and timeliness, because there are still no competition, and if BE Vyat will be made of good quality tiles and cement - parquet tiles, then this is new It can bring brilliant results, but there are hardly any capitalists who can immediately build a backwater until they see the models worked out on the ground, and not brought by themselves. If Vakhrunze agrees to donate a small amount to work out a model on the place, then even I boo I’d ask him to name 11 and 15 Lek for any part of the party. Wait for 1-2 days: we’ll get there and we’ll all talk together. But you must go to the village in the morning. Please force A .I. Si Lin to send an employee to the postal station to order a troika of 20 shades and to deliver them at 4 o’clock in the morning to Siberian 4T numbersѣ.Monday morning., C. 8 hours in the morning, I'm on horseback2 IX 21_______629_______ I left the village of Vyatka for banking affairs. Otkhavѣ ver vy 4 ot the village, I see - the three of us got in contact with us and the horses stopped and stopped. Ѣ crew ѣ si lord s. * lady and waving many hats oh, ask to stop. I recognized him, stopped. ІІоводель to his crew, became acquainted with his own, I ask: "Where are you going". He dismissed: "You are special, and then the trucker found out that you are walking and stopping. Please come back. I’m serious business and I have been instructed by your friend A. I. Silin from the verbal." I declare that “for about 10 hours you have to be in Vyatka, in the bank. If I return, I’ll be late in the bank. But he insistently asked to come back and figure out whether the banking business could be postponed until tomorrow. Actually, Milѣ in the bank, it was necessary to disregard the bill, which is due tomorrow, but we did re-reads at Zykli a day earlier, because sometimes some of the bank's re-presented re-counting the bank’s directorate should be carried out through the accounting committee. even warned that if the need to finish the deadline in Vyatka, just to submit a bill to the committee, before deliberately not to worry about to go on the run, and to clear on the day of the deadline.Taking this into consideration, I returned the share of ouch in the place of nini. I lost them all day in conversation and showed them. own tannery. In the evening, having spent their time in Vyatka, I asked them to give a bow to A.I.Silin and say that I will come to Vyatka tomorrow and send the banking day, after 12, I will go to him. In the morning I went to Vyatka. Having managed his affairs, send not to Siberian numbers, but to A.I. Silin in the house, on_______630_______ Preobrazhenskaya Street, warning him with a note sent to the coachman that I would be at his place by 12 o’clock. He already hurt me. Yes, without unnecessary entry, they began to speak directlyabout dѣlѣ. A.I. Xilin frankly stated that the primitive master made a good impression on him, but talking too much and withdrawing from his projects could come out very good - or not get out. Of course, throwing one's head out, such a thing, based only on his words, cannot be followed, and you cannot find anyone OE, and you can’t refuse immediately, without trying - it is impossible. It would be true, indeed, good specialism, to find someone, at least to make experiments and it would turn out to be a good result - then we shouldn’t let this thing go and we will regret that it was in our hands, but we pushed ourselves. I expressed that I also have the same opinion about him, and I do not doubt much that he really knows his business so much that the tiles of its 1st grade are competitive. For he had lost both Siberia and the Volga — would it really be that nowhere before the recipients were found a good article. Should he look for the Vyatsky about a strike with capital. Of course, if experiment were done, at a cost of 100 or 200 r. from. man, then I’m not averse to going with you / to check his word for it, and if I spend up to 500 or 1000 rubles on an experiment, I can’t and would rather refuse immediately. But many would not want you to do this at all. my name was shown so that he would travel across Vyatka and boast that it was closing. from. large breeder. Vakhrushev is some kind of a solid new cause, from which, perhaps, nothing will come out. I didn’t even really like that they rushed to many villages unexpectedly in a chic three, and pretending to be_______631_______some baron or, rather, Khlestakov; that he couldn’t wait two days for me, you, Vyatka, call me in a letter, spending 7 skates on a postage stamp. All his similar actions only disappointed me in him.After a comprehensive discussion, we agreed with. A.I. Shilin, that I will come at 2 o’clock in the room and will tell him that I categorically refuse to even discuss this matter with him and continue to participate in the matter, and have nothing if Al. Willow Xilin will conduct experiments with him. But personally with. Al Willow We allocated Silin for this matter, for the experiment, 180 rubles each, and if necessary, we add another 100 rubles: But if this is needed, then A.I.Silin will give up to 300 rubles, t. e. only 500 rubles: for the production experiment, give a seat and a hut on your suburban plot of land for free, If the case turns out to be interesting, then in the future we willѣ organize it in half, and if the case turns out to be not interesting, then leave any experiment or tool You’re increasing in proportion to the costs. On behalf of A.I.Silik, he will carry out experiments and put his reliable workers to work, moreover, determine that there are no special secrets. She didn’t hide from the workers, nor from the Forces. All these conditions are accepted by the field master. A.I.Silin wrote an agreement with him. We started production, ordered a casting machine according to the drawings of a Pole to cast iron in a Zemstvo cast iron workshop. Did not give 3 or 4 A.I. Xilin. tinkering with him, the tiles came out flat, and the cement tiles for the floor came out good and inexpensive, but the coloring is not even and not bright, the colors are different, not the same as we see sold tiles in Moscow, Silin him before_______632_______ the lozil is still to continue the experiments, to make a change and release. completely first-class product, then only go to the construction of the plant on a large scale. After spending another week, I’ll release new styles, almost the same, or a little better. We sal again. Willow The Silins, having examined the specimens in private, discussed that It seems that they are better off not being able to, because, apparently, nothing happened in other vengeance. Rush or eliminate everything and let it go. I don’t remember how A.I. Silin and how much these experiments cost him, and I don’t remember what he got from tools or materials. But I only remember that I gave out 200 r. I didn’t get anything back with money, but I didn’t pay anything back, and from E the property I left, I offered, if possible, to give me a machine for making cement tiles and written recipes for how to make and paint them. All this was given to us and our whole company with A.I. Xi Lin was amicably, without any noise, eliminated, and no one knew that I was his companion and we remained friendsMIAs a result, I at home with my workers this machine tool gave cement 1 liter. And the cement and steam floors were laid in the machine room of the factory and in my basement floor, in the bathroom and in the laundry room. All of this I liked very much, and in particular Pavel Fedorovich admired that it was somehow cheaply successful somewhere I bought a machine and the recipes you made. Although the color of the flooring was even worse than the Moscow, but proud of the fact that its development and stand much cheaper and without the cost of transportation from Doskva, and secondly they were proud_______633_______that such POLO BE BE factory Ї PODBenіyahIz Vyatka breeders were not.The above is the fifteen-year period of my work in the commercial for the quality of a renewed company, etc. F.T. Fakhrusheva Sons, "for the sake of completeness, I think it’s not superfluous. And to replenish it timely with some facts that happened, for the same fifteen years, among the Vyatka merchants or my relatives who do not have a direct relationship personally to many or to our company, but indirectly I’m in general in business, and in particular, in the leather industry.I worked for quality 12 or 15 years ago because soon after the death of grandfather Fedor Timofeevich, when we began to give an official agreement to the house of commerce through the notary Sventorkhetskago, then I wanted to say that the members of the managing partners should be named: Stepan Fedor Fedorovich and "Alexander Fedorovich, or, together with Alexander Fedorovich, his son, Peter Aleksandrovich. For Stepan F. insisted that, by no means, record the manager of Alexander Fedorovich, but preferred that write me Peter Alexandrovich /. But Sventoryaetsky proposed to write both of them, for it is not of great importance to them. Pavel Fed. do not mind, rather keep neutrality and pointed out that taking Alexander is already old, you can measure 10, and blue young, then it will be necessary to introduce him into the company-managers, again he will have to do notarial deed and again new troubles, but because it would be better to introduce both immediately, or, in extreme cases, to introduce now. Petr Alexandrovich, I said that although the palavіa is now in prenyah during the discussion_______634_______I don’t take part in all the details and also this issue, but when you have finished all the details, I believe that before you write down a notarial book, you will read the act aloud with all the participants in the trading house and with the witnesses understandable. Then daddy should hear that he was honored10 and without his consent, without asking him, you were hanging the stewards of your son, together with your father. He categorically refuses to sign the act and wait home - then what will you do. That’s why I’m Navta Iwai, in order to include Aleksandr Fedorovich’s manager as an equal partner, and I will work for now, as a trustedfirms, and after his death, you can again ask the notary to introduce me with a new notarial act. Әirmingeld Petrovich explained: that even a new act would not be required, but Peter Aleksandrovich can now be entered as candidates for this act, which is the case. the exit from E comrades of the managers of any of the E enumerated three managers, i.e. Alexander Fedorovich, or Pavel Fedorovich, or Stepan Bedorovich, then Pyotr Alek sandrovich Vakhrushev automatically joins the members of the "Comrades managers of the trading house" F.T. Vakhrusheva sons ", on the basis of this clause of the act, and then only all the participants remain, with his signature, to send out circularly to all banks and institutions with which business is carried out, kosh i this item. On this we all agreed, and immediately there was a complete decision and the establishment of a trading house, p. 3 stewards and a fourth - a candidate equipped with unlimited power of attorney. So I and work trusted I5 LEE.In the period of the above fifteen years in Vyatka cases, there was a bankruptcy of the grocery trade of Fedor Averkievich Laptev_______635_______250,000 rubles. His case was at first small, in a row in a row, while his new age was. But when the old and sons Peter Fyodorovich Laptev married Alexander ини Ilinshn ѣ Wahra neva, the thing began to expand. Then the hip Averkievich Laptev bought a second: before: on the upper market, on Alexander Square, the former dog: Artemіya Yes and Trіevich Laptev, and at the same time, stone houses with an outbuilding. BE these stores opened the same grocery and merchandise trade! And, which at the same time continued on the lower market in rented - Nyh benches HER living room: next to it. At the same time, at the new house on Dvor, in a large stone yard, there was opened a supine institution, the same as it was in c. Vyatka at Korobov.For with mutilated production and for two steel shops F.A. Laptevt to receive from аз azani and Nizhny Novgorod Novgorod a mass of grits, whole barks, and, subsequently, wagons. Zatm married the second son, Semyon Fedorovich Laptev, to the daughter of the rich merchant Elabuzhskogo merchant, Barbarian Gavri idovn Girdasovo. A wedding would be nice, merchant, ITS homeѣ F.A. Lapteva .. I was celebrating my wife’s wedding at this wedding, as my wife, Apollinariya Alekseevna, was still a young lady, a friend? Catherine Fedoro VnyLaptev / i.e. sisters of the groom and with us. Friendship continued with the CE Laltevs. Finally, the third son of Fyodor Averky evich, Viktor Fyodorovich, was abused. Laptev, on the daughter of the wealthy Sloboda merchant Ivan Alekseyevich Saltykov, Elizavet Ivanovna Saltyko howl. At this wedding, we also celebrated the guests at the Laptevs from the Saltykovs side, because I.A. Saltykova, Anna Vasilievna, nee Kazenina, daughter of Vasiliy Andrianovich Kazenin, was the cousin of my mother Alexandra Ivanovna, i.e. daughters of Ivan Andrianovich Kazenin, as well as a cousin !! 8 -one_______636_______ my wife’s losses, i.e. Apollinarika Alekseyevna Rukavishnikova, daughter of Aleksyy Andrianovich Kazenin. So with us. smiling Saltykov Ivan. Alexeyevich. there was a double kinship, and through them distant kinship, and with. Victor Fedorovich. Lapte vym or, vѣrnѣe, s. his wife, who was, in fact, both my wife and second cousin. At the time of the wedding of Viktor Fedorovich, we have. friendship with Fedor. Averkie did nothing, the Laptevs were not invited to this wedding, but Ivan Alekseyevich and Anna Vasilyevna Saltykovs personally. they came to our village and insistently asked to go with them to this wedding as guests and close relatives of the bride. Thus, we celebrated with the third son on F.A. Lapteva, at a gorgeous wedding,After the marriage of the second and third son, with F.A. Lapteva expanded even more. Everyone thought that with his son, having married rich merchant daughters with dowries in money, he should set up an official trading house with his father and make part of the dowry money part of the common business. But time passed, but the trading house didn’t open, and the working capital expanded. not enough. The father-in-law of the eldest son, Pyotr Fedorovich Laptev, Ilya Timofeevich Vakhrushevѣ, helped them with bills and, apparently, partly with money, but the security service took a mortgage on the new house and all the real estate at the same time, i.e. on Alec Sandrovskaya Square. It turned out that on the security of all property. wa, Fedor. Averkievich Laptev took from Ilya T. Vakhrushev 30 thousand rubles. raise the first official mortgage, perfect with Vyatskago notary E.P. Svntorzhetskago and approved by the senior notary, under Vyatka. District Courtѣ. Of course, like1 so_______637_______acts are a big "secret" and not subject to publicity. But Vyatka is not a particularly large city and, apparently, through lawyers who visit the Okrug District Court every day and at the same time as standing legal advisers at the Vyatka, separate banks and, as a result, the banks somehow became aware of this mortgage. Banks began to be careful about bills of exchange of Fedor Averkich Laptev, protests of bills of exchange in Kazan and Nizhny Novgorod began to appear. Banks completely closed the loan, and the federation Averkievich Laptev went bankrupt for 250,000 rubles, and together with his wife, Anna Ivanovna and daughter Ekaterina Fedorovna, the Laptev fled from Vyatka, no one knew where. There were rumors that they had gone abroad. The sons, working by proxy, for the absence of the head of the company, collected credit, compiled and presented balances. There were so few goods on the balance that there was no liquidation for them, for lenders on a dime a ruble was worth. The sons of all inheritance after the father refused, and therefore they considered them not distracting for the father's debts. crediting the torah, I wanted to put Fyodor Averkievich Laptev in prison, under the assumption that the sons are all rich and redeeming the old man, but 10 years and more have passed since no one knew where Fedor Averk was. Laptev. Through 30-35 I went to Parisѣ to meet the grandson of Andrei Osipovich Til, George Osipovich. Tilem. Then it was only from him that I heard the first hearing that when Alec Sandr Ilyin Vakhrushev senior was at Til in Moscow to rent a car, then Til transferred to Alex. Ilyich Vakhrushev his great Moscow region name Vorontsovo, and there., C. this name, in the outhouse, some kind of relative lived constantly. Alexander Ilya cha iz Vyatka, with his wife and daughter. And Alexander Ilyich with his wifeRi_______638_______ did you live in a dacha in a big house only in summer ... When the guests moved from Moscow to the dacha to Alexander Ilyich to enter a big house, the tenants climbed into the outbuilding and even closed the shutters - it was seen that no one was living there. Once I was at a dacha visiting Alexander Ilyich Vakhrushev, and someone asked: “Well, who lives in your outhouse and why don’t you use it, do not rent it out to summer residents ..” Alexander Ilyich unscrewed: "There is some kind of distant relative living. Til is already tens of years old, you are a kind of boarder or guard, Til asked me not to survive him until death, or until I need it - this very outbuilding is much for me. But there isn’t much outbuilding, and we don’t want to bother with outsiders. Let us live, we don’t mess. " Then no one came to us to doubt what was said. Alexanderѣ Ilyichem. When ѣ Sharizh ѣ I os. Til said many times that in the summer cottages dozens of relatives lived. Alexander Ilyich Vakhrushev from Vyatka, and he knew his name, but I forgot it, I then remembered and asked Til: * But not Laptev, is it Fedor. Averkievich with his wife and daughter. "G.Ios. Til confirmed: * Yes, absolutely rude, Laptev, of a low growth and with a wide beard. As if he went bankrupt in Vyatka and disappeared into Moscow near the cottage, without the sag of you policemen and neither where not showing up. "V. Vyatka, soon after his departure, the eldest son Peter Fed. Laptevi got sick with the spinal cord, depleted.Ilya T. Vakhrushev built a house on Vokzalnaya Street in the name of Alexandra Ilya’s daughter, and they moved down, down, and rented the top, they didn’t do anything for the house. They are very sick of suffering and, as if, madness_______639_______ Val, and the wife all the time looked after you and did not leave him to death. They had no children. There was no happiness in life either. Property pledged il Tim. Vakhrushev, was Ilya Tim. it was leased to Viktor Fedorovich Laptev, and you opened a grocery store at your home, supposedly at the expense of your wife, but it didn’t flourish, and you weren’t lucky too. Children they had one daughter. The middle son of Fedor Aver kievich, Seed Fedorovich Laptev was a cute all-time brother. It was public and respected in the city man, was elected urban. vowelѣ and member of the provincial layout of our presence and members of the accounting committee of the Vyatka public bank. You all told Vyatka that it is the most affectionate member of the PE folding presence; to all traders and breeders, it is fair and treats without whist, not like the other. There were also good reviews about him as a member of the accounting committee of a public bank. But BE of his commercial business was not lucky for him, not happy. ! 10, after his father, he opened the bakery - the bakery, but could not concur with Korobov - the drying came out worse than Korobov, because Korobov was the master himself, and s.F. Laptev was hired by a master, and he didn’t get a similar good master. Dried up until closed. I bought a small match factory. As usual, a common European match syndicate began to take place, and it seemed that the match case would be very useful, but it turned out that the match manufacturers had not yet ripened the blue. savagery and did not come to taste. Vyat sky district did not join the syndicate, but, on the contrary, competed with other regions and worked at a loss). Then Seed Fed. Laptev invited to.BUT_______640_______ a company for a match for Athanasius Ilyich and Alexander Ilyich / junior / Vakhrushevs, you will make a trading house with them, after working for 2-3 years, all at a loss could not stand it; about. far companions Vakhrushev his part of the match factory and completely gone The main match for the match. A year after its exit, Vyatka match manufacturers entered the syndicate | at mine two times, but more on that below, separately. Then, without the participation of S.F. Lapteva, a match factory began to generate revenue. Everyone said that it was direct not to be happy with everything. Fyodor Averkievich Laptev, God is complaining about the fact that his father was brought into bankruptcy and old age, because of fear of prison, we forced our parents to hide somewhere. After liquidation, the seed of the Fed was matched. Laptev bought Vichy Filippov from Nikolai Grigorye, on Moskovskaya Street, next to his house. A.A. Ru kavishnikova, a small house with a furnished lounge, wine and grocery trade / called a wine cellar. /. In the first stage there was wine trade, and in the 2nd apartment for the owners themselves. It did, though with great difficulty, but went to Semyon Fed. Laptev, and in any case, heѣs family was fed on thisѣdoll until the very revolution. Children they had two daughters. The eldest Valentina Semenovna, was extradited to Slobodskaya, for our relative, George Petrovich Plyusnin / he was the son of Peter Aleksѣevich Plyusnin and Apollinarіya Alexandrovna, nee Kazenina, i.e. the daughter of Alexander Alekseyevich Kazenin, the brother of my mother-in-law, Apollinarіya Alekseevna.After bankruptcy and hidden by Vyatka Fedor Averkievich Laptev, local banks naturally suffered partially, which became very cautious when accounting for all of their_______641_______ - by customers, including how many responded to our firmsMah ..But it was even more impressive that soon a large mossman, Arkady Ivanovich Raspov, went bankrupt in Sloboda, and in pol. It was a million rubles. This bankruptcy, like a cannon blurted out, caused a lot of noise, not only in Vyatka and Slobodsky, but also in Moscow and throughout Siberia, in moss and leather - world. For the raw Siberian merchants are the same and those who trade in raw materials for leather - at the same time, they also trade in their own and other moss skins. Arkadiy Ivanovich Ras clergy on behalf of his father, Ivan Ivanovich Raspopov, who was already very old, and his son, Arkadiy Iv. Therefore, when issuing bills of exchange, he was required to sign by proxy of Ivan Iv. Raspopova and personally for himself - Arkadiya Iv. Raspopova. In bankruptcy, lawyers advised him to file a complaint in Vyatka. District Courtѣ insolvency itself and ask to establish a contest. Vyatskiy District Court when they knew Ivan Ivan. and Arcadia Eve. Raspopov’s were insolvent, but the creditors ’attorneys with the presented balance did not satisfy, and at their request the court decided to imprison Arkady Ivanovich in order to prevent him from hiding the property - goods, and his father, i.e. Ivan Ivanovich Raspopov, for old age to lie, leave freeѣ. Arkadiy Iv. Raspopov, not expecting such a sharp turn, was afraid that you, Vyat, could get him from the District Court directly to Vyatka prison. Sorry to the District Court, they hired horses at the free station, and from Vyatka, along the Karinsky road, we went to Slobodskaya, calculating that we had to go home at night, pick up what was needed and money, and_______642_______ to hide - to leave from the Vyatka province, and then got over to move abroad. The creditors' lawyers, especially the ruling party, took measures through the local authorities, telegraphed BE Sloboda source to the lawyer - to follow when Arkady Yev. Uncover Sloboda, immediately arrest and imprison. IIolitsiya put strict guard at the entrance to Slobodskaya in Vyatka. tractѣ, and near Raspopovskogo house. All day, they waited in vain for no one else. Finally, at night, through the Demyanka, Arkady Ivanovich approached Glazovskaya Street to his house. Now, however, he was seized by a policeman here, taken to the police headquarters, and from there the police officers himself were led by Arkady Iv. Raspopovo in prison. About sitting on prison in a year and a half. His house on Glazovskaya Street was sold at auction. I bought a house. Peter Alekseevich. Plyusnin, or for 15,000 rubles, or for 25,000 rubles. I don’t know firmly and firmly, but afterwards there were rumors that it was bargaining. In the District Court, a proclamation of Ot 5000 rubles. Will show up for bidding Peter Alex. Plyusnin and Ivan Alex. Saltykovѣ from Slobodskogo, and Vyatskiy merchant Alexander Petrovich Dolgushin .. Prior to the opening of the trade, all three of them agreed to buy the same name without filling the price, and then evaluate the purchased property at the right price and throw the bones - who gets the house, just once "for three and paid to the rest: money, in the form of ступ from the mortar." After the last visit, I heard from A.I. Saltykov that they are with. Dolgushins received with. Peter A. ІPlyusnina for 5000 p. and then they think that before metro Peter A. Plyusnin got cheap. Indeed, if they bought at an declared price for 500 rubles, and the distance was two for 5000 rubles, total 1,500 rubles, and if they filled up to 15,000 rubles, and compensation of 10,000 rubles, total 25,000 rubles. -_______643_______and then it’s very cheap. The sick house is stone, two-story, and a huge courtyard has a view onto three streets. On the main street, on Glazovskaya, there is a large main house with two stone mouths, and lions on the gate. The gate is down to the corner of the cross street, massive stone fences, at the corner end of Glazovskaya street and the facade along the cross street there is a long, sen 20, one-story stone building in which. furrier workshops were arranged. On the other corner of the cross street with the embankment running parallel to Glazovskaya, there is a huge wooden two-story house, in which the Raspopovs also had furriers, and P.A. Plesnin rented this house for rent under the police department. For P.A. Plyusninu for his furrier, for the workshops, there was enough kamenago one-story building. He led the furrier far less, than Arkady Yves. Dig it up.The bankruptcy of the Raspopovs greatly influenced the bank credit of all Vyatka and Slobodsky breeders. Banks became even more cautious when accounting for bills, after the bankruptcy of F.A. Laptev. For Arkadiy I. Raspopov turned out to have a lot of accountable friendly bills of small handicraftsmen - breeders "New. Of course, the bank roll by credit and indirectly affectedin our companyѣ and others. Tanner.Around the year 1900, my test was Alex Alex Alex. At seven, Rukavishnikov’s great misfortune happened: hunting in the autumn for hares, by negligence, one of the hunters shot a gun himself, and all the charge fell into the back of his head to Valeryan Alekseevich Rukavishnikov and died.Alexey Al. The sleeves ikova children were even: one daughter,_______644_______Apollinariya Alekseevna, seen as a deputy for me, and with my son, the eldest son, Mikhail Alekseyevich, was very mobile and poorly mischievous, studied poorly, went through almost the entire Vyatka male school, did not go to seminars, and not a single graduation. Concurrently Dil learned two years of Toskv from Chekunov watchmaking and, returning home, worked with his father in his watch workshop BE - his shop. The soldiers couldn’t be taken as an old son, who was left for maintenance on the first benefitchildrenThe second son, Valerian Alekseyevich, graduated from the Vyatka City School, was a handsome boy. Let sixteen fathers be sent to Elabuga to brother Nikanor Aleksandrovich Rukavish nikov, who served as elders in Elabuga. excise supervision of the telly and marry were on Maryѣ Gustavovnѣ, nee Song aspireto the sister of the police officer Likhail Gustavovich Sunstremi. My tests asked brother Nicanor Al. That he arrange a nephew of Valeryan, thanks to his connections, somewhere, and Elabug to do good service near him. tir Valeryan Alexevich, though. I graduated from the course of the city school, it was still too young, and yet the city school provides education below average. For good bureaucratic talents, I select young people or those with higher university education, or not lower than average, i.e. full and high school diploma or real school.Nikanori Al. Rukavishnikov and identified nephew Valery at the chemical backwater of Peter Kapit onych Ushkov in Elabug’s office, for the first time a boy scribe. Having worked a year, Valerian Al. на лѣто пріѣхаль вѣ Вятка to visit parents. They painted their service in gloomy colors, and father_______645_______there was a little bit of resentment against brother Nikanor Al. that he couldn’t, or did not want to try to find a better place. Rѣil himself. look for a place of service VVyatk. At least in Vyazka you State E. The bank of the place of the second aide to the Comptroller Filipovich was occupied by Vyatskiy Kribatov Kurbatov, his Gene, Apollinariya Ivanovna Kur batova / nee Nekrasova /, was the goddaughter of Apollinaria Alekseevna Rukavishnikova. She was friendly with her husband’s immediate superior, controller Filippovich. Through Kurbov, they gotten a grudge before Filippovich, and Valeryan Alexevich Rukavishnikov quickly accepted the former as the youngest. After serving three years, he was called up for military service gladly taken out by a soldierѣ and sent to Doskva. Rumors in Am for three years, he returned home safely and again to accept the State Bank as a regular official. Iodumyval ulka got married, courted Claudia Andrea Eva - Vakhrusheva, and she, apparently, sympathized with him a little. But before Christmas, he was with his brothers Michael and other hunters, in numbers of 6-7 people, every week on holidays I-2 days went hunting with guns, for hares, and everything went well and fun. This continued throughout the fall. This time, about two weeks before the Christmas holidays, after hunting, the company rested for a halt and went on a goose, one by one, further. Valerian came second, and then came a ticket to a sky peasant, an elderly one, and his gun, carried by a belt over his shoulder, but muzzle forward. Valais - Ryan Al. Rukavishnikov, apparently froze, decided to bask, to fight with God. He overtakes the front filek music, slapping him slightly on the shoulder, saying: "Catch me," and beat himB_______646_______ahead of them, and the men rushed to run after them, not paying attention to their gun, not supporting it with their hands. The gun loosens freely - flutters and smokes the trigger on the sack - a bag hanging also over the shoulder, next to the gun. The trigger rose by itself and immediately fell, and the gun fired and straight to Valerian Al. Rukavishnikov is three steps away, and put the whole charge on your head. Although the charge was a fraction, but the distance was so close that it pierced the skull and death came instantly, I did not have time to shout. Fell on a dream before the eyes of all the hunters present. They burned, hired a horse, slashed a dead wagon on a sled and drove home. They brought to the courtyard. Michael Al., Huddled, enter the room. Father and mother are surprised - “that they soon returned, and Valeryan where - did they live. Didn’t something happen to you.” Mikhail Fleksevich said: “The trouble happened.” At this time, the rest of the fellow hunters brought in Valeryan. There was a panic, a roar, but there was nothing to do, the policemen said. A court investigator and doctors appeared. Nam village in the early morning, we were still in the post . And We immediately poѣhali unto Vyatka, but nash prіzd dѣla not popravil, pokoynago not voskresin b, but only daughter became utѣshat calm and rhodium - teley On slѣduyuschіy day tranquilizer Al buried...Third son. Alexѣya Al. Rukavishnikova, Sergey Alekseyevich at that time were also soldiers in military service and Smolensk. For when Valeryan Alekseyevich returned from the soldier, Sergey Al, he was 21 years old by age. and he arrived in_______647_______ this fall call. He was immediately accepted into military service and sent to Smolensk. So what are they with. Valerian. almost never lived. He had the same education - he graduated from the courses of the Vyatka city school. In military service, he soon fell into the office and soon rose to the rank of senior clerk. Before the service, after graduating from the city, he worked as a father on a sentinel basis and he had a great tendency to talk, they side by side tried to buy and resell something. That way. Before the service, it’s worth it yourself to save two or three hundred rubles, which you’ll take with you. They were very neat, mean. The bishop also didn’t have the opportunity to make free time to earn a little repair for comrades and buying up and reselling small things, and then I never had any money and money from home. Finally, comrade soldiers and junior officers began to silence and joke that they were always translating from home, but only Sergey Rukavishnikov didn’t have a single transfer for the entire service. And Sergey Al. I liked the original part. He said to his comrades: "Be calm, and I will receive, and even such a translation as you might not think, you will be surprised." Napi sal mnѣ that wants to surprise his comrades with the sum of the transfer. Everyone receives from: home, although once a year. some, but not less than I-2 or 3 rubles, and I ask Vasya very much to transfer a few kopecks, but not more than fifty kopecks. "I transferred eleven kopecks to him by postal order. The treasurer, captain, hands over the water personally to the soldiers in his office.” After calling Sergey Hand Rishnikov, 11 to give him eleven konveki to say: “What does it mean, an unprecedented case - transfer to eleven kopecks.” They received and unscrewed: “This is my share for this amount_______648_______he thought, he decided to pay it. "The captain flinched and said," I neatly owed a little debt and remembered a few translations. " into the regiment, intrigued by many .. They began to get what it means. Then he discovered that the service comrades taught that they had never been alone during the service a week from home. "I told them: wait, I will receive such a translation what none of you got l and that surprised Vasya vsѣh. Look now at face-to-face: all of you are surprised and ask how and why, and if I were half a ruble 2-3 rubles, just like the other, then you would not surprise anyone. "Everyone recognized themselves defeated, and if it was a matter of betting, we were ready to pay, but the bet proposed by S. A. Ru was rejected by Kavishnikov himself because they knew that in this way they would win and then they would pretend that they deliberately fooled them all, and this it ended with general smѣhomi.After completing a three-year military service as an ordinary soldier - clerk, Serg. Al Rukavishnikov returned home to the CE with money up to a thousand rubles. Now, he has begun to continue to work with his father BE at a watch workshop and at the same time, with general agreement, near the house. CE of the workshop, in the living roomѣ, trade - an optical and a% shop, and after a year the trade in hunting rifles and hunting accessories: gunpowder, shot and so on. Things went well, and began to increase annually. Working capital and the number of goods increased. This went on until the Japanese war, during which they were mobilized and father and his father continued to trade and watchmakingON_______649_______Wim's son. Michael. Al The last time during this time he married Vyatka girl - seam Elizabeth Nikolaevna Kaina, who learned sewing skills from the Vyatka first-class dressmaker Ogorodnikova, and on her way out deputy ul. A. Rukavishnikova, who opened her tailor's workshop, proved to be a good job, and many clients went to her even from Ogorodnikova. In the last Elizabeth Nick. Rukavishnikova wore dresses for almost all of Lady Vakhrushevyl, and in particular she loved to wear six at the time of her marriage. Vakhrushevsky young ladies. Or, when marrying the Vakhrushevsky young people, she sewed on their bride. And her husband, Chihail Al. Rukavishnikov continued to work with his father. BE hourly hour. After returning home after mobilization, Sergey Alekseevich began to engage in various kinds of trade in raw materials - protein, leather and wool, and finally concentrated exclusively on wool, buying washed cow leather from tanneries at wholesale prices and retailing in the autumn for handicraftsmen. Thus earned Ot 3 to 5 thousand rubles for the fallө. To do this, he first rented a shaft on the corner of IIreobrazhenskaya and Nikolaevskaya street, in the courtyard of officer Likhonin's barns for storage and hanging of wool, and according to TOVA E soon S.A. Rukavishnikov bought this house and built a stone pantry on the courtyard for a wool warehouse. Later, he married a beautiful young lady of Vyatka, Alexander Semenovna Platunova, who helped him sell wool, or was on duty during V. Warehouse’s bazaar days, while they went to the market for customers, where% of the last time they sold wool products, i.e. felt boots. Children at Sergey Al. Rukavishnikov had three sons: Vladin ір, Глѣби and Anatoliy. All of them studied at the V. Vyatka gymnasium. Michael Alex_______650_______ Rukavishnikov had three daughters. Nadezhda, Vora and Olga, and one son. Nikolay. Daughters completed the course ӣ BE of the Vyar Gymnasium and two old women, at the time of the revolution, they married. Nadezhda - for the commercial of Santa Dushechkina in St. Petersburg ѣ, and her faith - for the Vyatskogo commercialist, Nikolai Iletrovich Sapozhnikov / 2 nd sir Pyotr Isakovich Sapozhnikoz /. And dlga Likhaylovna Rukavishnikova remained two and showed talent. as an artist, and during the Revolution, she played for a long time in the Vyatka Theater ѣ the number of local troupe in the main roles, and it was rumored that she was a good artist. Alexey Alec. Rukan Ishnikovѣ settled in the year 1908, for having his house lifelong for his life, Apollinarіya Aleksѣevna Rukavishnikova, and after her death - 11th Alek. Rukavishnikov and his children, but eat that Tahail pays a long fee for the mortgage, listed on this until the Vyatka public bank and pays his brother Sergey Alekseevich Rukavishnikov, you saw Ot father, three thousand rubles, as if part of the bridge and the house . Then, so that he would pay, he also kind of wore it, and with all of his Apollinary Alexeyevna Vakhrusheva, one thousand rubles. The spiritual order was Vyatsky. To the district. The court was immediately approved, for the lifetime use of widows, Apollinaric Alek. Rukavіshnikova and BE Iі constant, to ALikhail Alekseevich Rukavi Nikov. Whether he managed to fully or partly pay off the entrusted father to Sergei Alex., Or not, I don’t know, but since Apoy Linary Alexeyevna Vakhrusheva didn’t pay anything, she did not demand. But he didn’t pay the mortgage to the bank, and each half year only the corresponding p and the mortgage seemed to continue, because on such conditions the bank accepted the mortgage as a security, i.e. the loan was granted unlimited, i.e. only _______651_______ the property pledged to the public bank cease to be paid in, then the bank either sells the property for sale or reserves it. In this case, A.A. Rukavishnikov cost 40,000 or 50,000 rubles, and debts to the bank on the mortgage were only 5 or 6 thousand rubles, then the% even after his death apparently coalesced neatly until the time of revolution. What was home after the revolution, I don’t know. Mikhail Alekseyevich, according to the measure of the year, after three father’s wishes, studied in the autumn for hunting, lie down on frozen ground, grab it. ЈTE SI Flaxen pneumonia. and inflammation of the brain, only three days have passed and died. His sons, Nikolai, who studied with; I am in the 4th grade of a gymnasium, hali around the city of Vyatka, II e of Moskovskaya Street on a bicycle, hit a curbstone and fell at full speed onto the pavement; the whole crashed, his strength was half at Procu, died a week later. Elizabeth Nick. Rukavishnikova was left a widow and no son, CE 3 daughtermi During the revolution, she died, and soon afterwards the old woman Apollinariya Alekseyevna Rukavishnikova herself died, and approximately BE this time, even before Aleri, died and the youngest son. Sergiy Aleks Рукаevich Rukavishnikov ot typhus, also during the roaring: lucii. The widow of Alexander Semenovna Rukavishnikova with three sons remained. How they lived during the revolution is not known.In 1837, the death of Frolo Petrovich Dzhlstnikov’s father-in-law and the father of Nikolai Pavlovich Rylov, who lives in the village, on Gorskaya Richk. Even during his lifetime, Nikolai Pavlovich Rylov began the development of protein and white meat, BE company son-in-law, T.II. Lѣsnikovyyaѣ in the factory pamphicium of lѣsnikov, in the village of Spasov, the distant village of the village of Gorskaya river, three versts._______652_______ As long as father Pavel Vasilievich was alive, Nikolai Pavlovich daily, from the village in the morning, they rode a horse, or went to bed. to the village to look after his Skornyazhny dlom, and in the evening he went to the village to spend the night with his father, and his father continued his brothers, i.e. c !! van oll you., its own little leatherwork. When he died. Pavel Vasilievich, then Nikolai Pavlovich osta Wil house in the village, factories and all tannery uncle Ivan Vasilievich Rylov, and Nikolai Pavlovich Rylov soon moved to Frol Petrovich lesnikov for full residence. All not movable, i.e. home and head, without any separate act, remained with the use of ana Vasilievich Rylov, and Nikolai Pavlovich, as if, did not receive anything and did not demand anything for the real estate, and said that he did not need much yet, let him use it. But he didn’t refuse official property either in writing or by a rural public sentence, and therefore, if Nikolai Pavlovich had children, then through dozens of them they were entitled to half of this property. How did Nikolai Pavlovich add to his uncle Ivan Vasilyevich’s capital, the remaining after Pavel Vasilievich Rylov, and no matter how much capital is known to anyone. But after his death, to take him, Ivan Vasilievich Rylov, continued the leatherwork for almost BE the same size or slightly reduced, and Nicholas II. Rylov eat Frolom II. Tѣsnikov, after the death of St. Paul. Rylova, the first year, the furrier continued to be BE the same time Elurakh, but after two or three years, the furrier's fur began to expand greatly. It was desirable that the furriers are well named, and Iavel Vasilievich. Rylov throughout Siberia enjoyed a good reputation as an honest and accurate caller_______653_______ Santa, and this reputation served the benefit of his son, Nikolai Pavlovich. Across Siberia, he quickly showed big credit. It coincided with the fact that at the same time you went bankrupt. Slobod Skoliv is the largest furrier breeder. Arkadiy Iv. Races of priestsѣ. Rylov and Lѣsnikov picked out the best of his craftsmen and workers, but most importantly, most of the Raspopovskie H8 locators, moss and raw material sellers also went over, as did extra clients, E. N.II. Rylov and F.I. L. Lisnyakov. All this benefit also hindered the expansion of the furrier. They began to build in the village of Spassky a large furrier factory of stone and a large stone 3-storey house. But at the same time, the European Syndic Syndicate began to be designed. Learning about this, they decided to build a match factory at the same time, and the first of the Great Britain ’s athletes, wrote out the best match machines from E in Sweden and an automatic machine. The match factory was set up exemplary, and the matches they got were the best in the Vyatka province. They also exemplarily set up a furrier workshop or factory. At all, a squirrel was made and moss was sewn manually. They first set the drums, moving steam, to exhaust dust from the dust and the spirit, and mechanical vacuum cleaners for the drums. They had the same ray shi, not only in Vyatka, but throughout Russia. Their whitewash and even were considered the best abroad. The factory was built and built on land belonging to Frolov Petrovich losni - kov, like the peasants of IE at this Spasskago village, which is a left over peasants on the left. Frol I. Lѣsnikov, before starting construction, asked his fellow villagers to conquer all his infantry land - through a strip, measuring 6-7 acres, for one E plot of land - 3-4 tithes, located from_______654_______. This house is built up with annexes and a plowing line adjoining the manor house with a barrow - fortification. Including, at the same time add money to the company for additional payments. The society agreed, by the verdict all this was approved, and Frol II. Lѣsnikov Ogorodil with a high-weighted fence over its entire plot. Then he began to build factories, and the descendants of the land were estranged, i.e. from the taxable estate he bought with the right to transfer the factories with land to the Aktsionernoe Society or establish one himself. The whole construction cost JT трехsnikov and Rylov more than three hundred thousand rubles._______655_______CHAPTER 7.Expansion for the F.T. Vakhrusheva.During the fifteenth anniversary of the death of the grandfather Fedor comrade Vakhrushev, parallel to the foregoing, we, the heirs of Fedor comrade Vakhrushev, on the initiative of Pavel Fedorovich Vakhrushev, began to expand our minds so intensely and vividly that we could at all times The above is already laid out. They began to build a second backwater along the banks of the Mochovitsy river. The full-story past is lined with a factory factory reserve of two-story stone buildings, 50 fathoms long and 5 fathoms wide. The middle ceiling is in a two-tee beam vaulted, and above it is a cement floor for the 2nd floor. / It should be noted that the factories at the Vakhrushevs so far have been built with a width of 13 arshins and with wooden ceilings and floors. The second floor of the new plant was only one half in the first year, 25 soot. it was rash, and in the 2nd half it was only covered by a glandular roof, but there was neither floor nor ceiling, and frames with glasses were not inserted into the windows, and the last days were temporarily boarded up with boards. For the need for the 2nd. etayѣ completely has not yet appeared. Because two plants, taken together, could produce 35,000 or up to 40,000 horses each year. And the heirs of Fedor, t., Continuing to work together for a common account, expelling both the factory and the factory alone, managing only 40-45,000 leather. The cutting was carried out in a common closed, new during construction, at the factory yard of the old plant, clean-up, built separately between the old and the new factory. At the last_______656_______ by section. Stepan s. Ivan F. and Vasiliyem went to Ivan F. and Vasiliy F. and the verb was attached to it, I was building for the dairy and the factory. Alexander and Pavel Fedorovich connect the balconies, but this will be described below.At the factory of Alexander and Pavel Fedorovich to the back of the yard, i.e. from the side of the village of Sharenskaya, new wooden two-story barns covered with iron were delivered. - one lower end. to the factory, and the upper end. By the mail path. These barns were intended for tanning materials: lime and crushed bark, and in the lower end of the barn there were two cellars for storing salted meat and other products, food for workers, and, on the contrary, a cellar in the lower floor of the 5th plant: length and 5th say : the width of a separate factory room for workers with a kitchen with 2 ovens and 10 to 12 tables to feed 150 people with infection,On the back side of the courtyard - factory, in the line of the barn, in the direction to the postal tract, the full length of the fence was arranged at the rear, and to them is the roofing tone of the roof, the roof is hinged. on a pillar, on the front side, the canopies were not obstructed, they served a double purpose: low-value goods or materials were put under the canopy, temporary raw materials - leather were also piled up before the plants arrived to protect them from rain. Willow bark and so on were stacked. And upstairs, on a cantilevered roof, dried washed ash shavings, glue mezdra were dried. In the middle of the courtyard, at the end of the stone factory building, summer dryers and 4 gluing boilers for gluing were built. On the top one hundred_______657_______ Ronѣ dovoritsy, at a distance of twenty sahrens parallel to the factory building — the cheese houses — wooden two-story barns were delivered, which were bought ready-made in Slobodskoy from Dr. Alexander Viktorovich Ivanovskago for 1100 rubles and put on stone cement racks. The origin of these racks. this is: bring the Vyatka past with Suntsovy cements for sale, and there was a leak in the barges, water fell. The barge ran aground; while the upper rows of barrels of cement were taken out or loaded into another barge, the lower barrels with cement for 2-3 weeks lay in water and petrified, the hoops broke, and the cement turned into a kind of hard stone, which breaks a little. Nevertheless, they pulled ashore and sold 50 kopecks each. for the barrel. I bought 20-30 barrel. Delivery to the village cost 50 kopecks. for the barrel, and we used them, like stone racks for raising barns - solid but practical and cheap. These barns were so called - the barns of Ivanovo. Their appointment was - part for crushed measles, and part for storage of spare goods and for picking materials. Behind these barn to the tract was a strip of arable land belonging to Parfenovich, i.e. Andrei Parfenovich’s son, Vladimir Andreevich, and next to it is our strip of arable land that extends onto the tract at one end and adjoins our new factory yard on the other. We connected this strip of arable land to the factory-yard plot, fencing high fences with canopies on the side of the village from the village of Kharenskaya, and simple tesovy fence with fenders or 1/2 arsh from the side of the strip of Vladimire Andreevich Vakhrushev. the heights. Thus, our plant site was formed by the verb 50 or 55 soot, along the river, 40 soot along the sidesoneone_______658_______ plot of Ivan Fedorovich, fathoms of 20-22 from Ivan Fed. plot on the lower sideѣ strip Vladimіr Andreyevich and fathom 60 from. this boundary to the tract along the lateral same strip of Vladimir Andr. to the postal tract, and from the side of the Varna village there are small rivers to the tract in a straight line 100 or 1 10 fathoms. That was how slave access to our backwater turned out to be from the postal tract. We arranged a solid gate for driving through the highway and next to the gate for pedestrians. Through this entire plowing belt, a wide ditch k ѣ ѣchkѣ Mochovitsѣ passed through the tract to drain the spring and rain water tract. I had to fundamentally equip this ditch: to take the walls along the entire length of the column into columns, and to make wide sidewalks from one section from the top to the entire width of the ditch, i.e. thick humped planks ѣ 2 1/2 - 3 apex of thickness with humps down. When setting the gate and gates for n% walkways, it was adjusted so that the ditch passed by the gate and the sidewalks fell right on the gate and went out onto the path to the longitudinal sidewalks walking along the path, and the gate fell in the middle of this strip of our land, so that the ditch was disguised, so that she didn’t look at all beyond the vodskago yard, but vice versa. From the tract to the factory building there were wide, solid sidewalks, and nearby, opposite the gate to the factory’s own building, there was a stone-covered road for driving through,On the highway, between our strip of land and strip Vladimіr Andreyevich we, together with. Parfenovichi, set up a common not large wooden house. 4 soot. lengths and 4 soot widths with meso Ninom. This house stood on 2 sai. to the land of Parfenovich and 2 sai. to the land of Fedorovich and it was intended for the apartment of the general accountant, Mikhail Petrovich Ivanov, at the time when Ste_______659_______ Pan Fedorovich sent it back to Nam from Ilya Timo Feevich. For when M.II. Ivanov served with the Parfenovichi and studied with the Fedorovichi in excess of time, then he lived in an apartment in the former common house — teach the people ”as described above, and when he served a year or a half with Ilya T., then they taught him to break down the face and the oil mill the completion of the temple and the whole tree of these two buildings was transferred to the church for firewood for burning alabaster. Upon return to the service of N.P. Ivanov, an apartment suitable for us and Parfenovich did not get drunk. Since with secondary servicesѣ A.P. Ivanov’s property became permanent with the Fedorovichi, and those arriving at Parfeno’s community, they also agreed to give him room for an apartment together with Fedorovichi and Parfenovichi. For him, an apartment on the frontier, the upper floor of the house of Ivan Prokopyevich Rusanov was rented for a year, but had to put up with inconvenience. - every day, morning and evening, walk back and forth a mile and a half along the road, but in the rain and mud he was taken on a horse one by one. While God I.P. Ivanov was located at the frontier, for him Fedorovich and Parfenovich built the above houses on a common ground, but it was adapted for two-node housing for small "all my mothers". In one half of the premises nig our general accountant M.P. Ivanov, occupying half of the house - the lower floorѣ and the whole mezonin - attics in 2 rooms, and the second, smaller half, i.e. without an attic, occupied by an employee of the Parfenovichi, a small-family Polyakov. So they lived ten years.The glue factory near our tannery was one hundred yal and glue was produced on it; ten glue was produced, too, until the glue factory continued further expansion_______660_______tannery. Among the factory yard, between the building. a tannery and barns of Ivanovo, the past was a Wikonan gruddy factory well with soot. x3 s., i.e. 9 quad fathom. A huge wooden tank with a capacity of 10,000 bucket was put over a well. In this tank, water was pumped by pumps from the well with a horse-drawn drive. It was also arranged for all the other Vakhrushevsky factories: the water for the tanning industry was pumped up, with the help of horse drives, Ilya Timofeevich Vakhrushev. He was supplied with a steam engine, which served the pumping of water, the washing of cindery leathers in ba rabanakh, and topchakakh and the crust-root. It was not difficult to pump water using a horse-drawn drive, while production at the plant was not very large, up to 25,000 skin per year. And the descendants, having taken away the price of production, began to pump water harder and harder, because for tanning production the abundance of water is of great importance and it is consumed daily by tens of thousands of buckets. The strongest horse is at 4 in the morning and walk around until 8 in the evening, rotating horse-drawn drives for pumping water, and sometimes even two horses. I wrote to Pavel Fedorovich in Moscow - is it possible to find a small locomobile with 2-3 horsepower, not expensive, especially for pumping water, assuming that such a locomobile does not require much care for him. and it’s not necessary for him to keep a special driver and a chegar. For it was known to us that Alexander Dem was on the demyanka for malt production. Likhachev was a small loco mobile of 10 strength and the Likhachevs themselves managed to work on it. without any mechanics.Pavel Fedorovich, having received my letter, went in two_______661_______ frames, where old cars and any old shafts, pulleys and other factory equipment are sold. On Sadovniki Street, in Zamosk Voroshch, he found a storehouse of such junk with Ivan Dmitrievich Klyuyev. They said that he needed a small locomobile for pumping water to replace the drive of the drive and the corresponding transmission. *: Klyuyev showed it now. He offered him a standing, cylind rumѣ locomobile 4 forces for 200 rubles. and picked up rubles for a hundred transmission. Pavel Fedorovich bought it all and sent it through the shipping company Bulychev to Vyatka. At the same time, having not yet heard about buying a locomotive in Moscow, I heard at home that at Demyank, Aleksandrov's distillery, they were selling cheap two old steam engines. I had a chance to watch. Managing, listen to me, summoned a mechanic, I made up my mind to show me. The cars were in a bar sorted form. The price was assigned for a small 500 rubles, and for a large 1000 rubles. I don’t understand anything in machines, I ask mechanic Ivan Nikolayevich Poludnitsyn: “Why are these machines thrown away and sold, They haven’t been working together for years.” He explained: “For our business, fast running machines for working on electric motors are required, and this low-speed machines for working on the transmission and directly to the machines. They are perfectly operational and will continue to work a hundred, especially as if yours is seemingly. If you buy, you would take me, so I will grow the cylinders a bit, repair them again: they then they are wonderful will work. " I asked: "Why do you offer your services to go to us. And for what salary. And which of the two cars. You are urging to take." Midnight explained that under the previous manager, Serapіonѣ GrigoryeviR_______662_______ Th "Laptev" I’ve served 20 years, and would still be ready to serve, and now the new manager, Konstantin. Platonovich Kuznetsov, is adjusting everything in a new way, and it is possible that in place of me new machines with special technical education should be taken to place me with new machines I’m a mechanic, and I’m self-taught, I received 60 rubles a month. If I find a place, I’ll go over for 50 while myself, and it’s worse to wait when you get fired. But I advise you to take Lashin: both, and if you want to spend money for both at once, and if it’s your business, as you say, it’s small, then take ka one that is smaller. " I thanked and pledged to contact my uncle in Moscow, and in a few weeks I gave him away. I proposed to the managing director KP Kuznetsov to lower the price for a small one to 300 rubles, or while I’m sleeping in uncle, maybe they can buy it. Then Kuznetsov offered many for 375 rubles. buy immediately, write off, and lose time. I found that it is, indeed, very cheap, and bought it. Details: they wrote to Pavel Fed. V. Moscow about Poludnitsyn’s proposal to enter the service and, in connection with this, the project of setting up a steam engine not only for pumping water, but also for getting the bark of the house and washing the ash skin. From Noskva I get a reply: “I approve the purchase of a car and advise you to immediately take Poludnitsyn for 50 rubles each month. Let us install a cylindrical locomotive sent from Moscow for now, and then, upon going home, we will discuss together the question of stopping the car - Aleksandrovskaya - Koryaand other factory work. "Ivan Nick. Poludnitsyn in Slobodskom had his own small house, bought from Alexei Matvich vich Bloslydtsev, located on the banks of the river Vyatka, near141_______663_______with salt ama bars near the arena and cemetery, go uphill, near the river. I went on a festive day to his house, and not to drive Alexander, and immediately repented, and after 10 days they are alone, without a family, have come to us to serve. For unseen apartments, while I was at the top upstairs, together with. Lagunovym. Immediately installed a cylindrical locomobile for pumping water and sent to him, his work, whistles from a cast-iron pipe, which was buzzing in the morning in order to keep the workers both for work and dinner. The whistle turned out to be so loud that it drowned out the whistle of Ilya T., which further intensified the embitterment of Ilya Timofeevich 11 in general and mainly against me and Pavel Fedorovich, when, at the end of the work, both whistles whistle for dinner, and at this time Ilya Tim. is sitting. near his store on the path to the bench, surrounded by peasants from the villages closest to the village and say: “It’s loud from the nephews. The whistle will blow out but will soon be exhausted, by the next traffic whistle; I give the catch for the record that they will not last more than a year. - Will go bankrupt. The old man took Fedor’s money and lived modestly, but the young people got ready, they themselves don’t even know how to make money, but after the old man they turned around. At one father’s factory, there wasn’t enough money for full production,ѣt - it’s become clear, the second backwater has been built more than ever. All the money has been built up, so you will walk around the factories and whistle ", 11y zhyki sit and assent:" Vam, Ilya Timofeevich, of course, they knew more, but we don’t know. "IIostaviv small locomobile and directing from himLa_______664_______ku of water, ivn Half-day began repairing purchased from Alek Sandrovyҳ masiny. On his advice, her performance was increased by five more by boring the cylinder. To grow the chivaniya, I had to send a cast-iron cylinder to Perm at Ivotovilovskiy Zavod, asking them to squander it by 3 millimeters. At the same time, they gave pistons to the Vyatka Zemstvo workshop in order to increase the diameter by 3 millimeters. When Ilya Timofeyevich heard about this, he choked and laughed and told his regular listeners - peasants, who had been knocked down on a bench at the shop of Ilya Tim every day that “look like my nephew’s idea: bought an old car and decided to send it to a new one. part sent to Perm, another you Vyatka, a third to do something at home, and imagine that when you bring everything home, then you need to get everything right and a new car comes in. Take me as an example: chop off one hand, send to Moscow, another to Petersburg., and then with take everything and what would become of the old man I vѣ young - it vѣd nemyslino Tacna and tam will not work and the mechanics ih fool, and they slushayut and spending money for nothing "...All these rumors reached the uss through the peasants, but we did not pay attention, and our driver Yves. N. Poludnitsyn laughed and said: "It’s not possible to machine me Tim. Teach me; let me come, then you will see when we are all ready and ready to take our place. Our machine outstrips its work of many thousands." Repairing it, ours, one by one, we went in a hurry slowly, and the water pumping station and the abundance worked very well. But one day, but whose sudden sound rang out on. bells and bells, while the factory was working; They woke me and said that the water pump was on fire.TF 1_______665_______ I got dressed, came to the factory yard. I see that in the middle of the courtyard I burn a water-quality hut and work, I put out the garrison at the head of a mechanic Poludnitsyn .. The fire has already made its way out. I’ve broken the roof and I removed the second fire engine from inside and water the wooden tank with water. The fire quickly subsided. It turned out that the fire happened The locomobile’s core: it was placed close to a wooden wall, and in particular it was very close to a chimney, without separating the wooden wall from the pipes with bricks. The pipe glowed and the sand dried from it, then gradually heated to a hot state, and finally, it returned to zero. Of course, it was the negligence of the stove-maker, who installed the locomobile on the foundation, or didn’t foresee Ivan N. According to Ludnitsyn, who should have warned the Nekhnik, isolate the pipe from the wooden wall with a thin brick wall. But the fact is on the face that they were someone; there was no evil intent. The walls of the hut and water tank were charred, but still held and could continue to serve temporarily. The hut was again covered with a roof, the locomotive beat was set to the same place, the pipe was rotated by the number of knees, it was further removed from the wall, and work began to continue. Pirіzya: al f Moscow, Pavel Fyodorovich, and we decided to immediately put the Aleksandrovsky car in place, to fully service the plant, i.e.: crush it completely and carry out other factory work. To do this, in the first place, it was necessary to buy a new steam boiler. Ivan Half-moon convinced that he wants to buy an old oval, knowing that it can be directed, and it will work better than a new one, and it is not recommended to buy an old boiler in any case: a new and new construction is necessary, because modern technology_______666_______ Science and science go ahead: a newer boiler system, a more economical boiler, less fuel, faster raises the bet and more steam. Got me up with. Half a day, we will choose and buy a steam boiler and everything necessary for the machine equipment of the plant.For this same period, the tanning business of all contractors went well, and every year the result was good. Although our company also received a small amount of official deliveries and a lot of bargaining in order to directly place the Quartermaster, we tried through the second hand to intensively sell the leather goods for sale from the treasury specimen to the same Quartermaster, but through. Tilya, and most importantly, through E Grigory Grigoryevich Adelkhanov, V. Tiflisskiy Yan is a tendering warehouse, and therefore each year the amount of leather expelled was already increased in two of our waters. Lack of working capital. cash stock was replenished by accounting bills, in parallel with the identity of bank loans. Bill drawers are friendly bills for banking with us. when added. In addition to Anempodist Gerasi’s mother, Boson’s steel, we signed a supply of guns, a peasant of Kotelnichesky district of Pialnoy volost, Ivan Ilyich Tsѣlitsev, our distant relatives / he was to marry sister Afanasy IvanovichLatunova, and A.I. Paying again to marry my sister, Anfis Alexandrovna. Then. Signatory of a promissory note supplier, Vasily Kuzmich. Ashiҳmin, the peasants of the yin of Sloboda district, the village of Chirki, also a distant relative [they were to marry Klavdiy Gerasimovna Fofanova, sister of Anempodist Gerasimov cha Fofanova, and A.G. Fofanov happened to marry my mother, Afanasy Ivanovna Kazenina. Another sign of a bill Sloboda_______667_______ Ivan Yanin, Ivan Shmelev, who annually laden meat for workers and bought a fee for use on suburban slaughter skin, which brought him a side for .. work, and to give him the opportunity to buy more, we offered him to take into account his bill ITS bankѣ and with this money so that they buy. At first, we experimented with one, a promissory note of the BE Sloboda Public Bank - both parties liked it, and we began to carry out its bills and you Vyatka, and continued this operation for a few years.During the same period of time, Nikolai Pavlovich Rylov and Flor Petrovich Lѣsnikov issued their nieces, i.e. to - the heart of Ivan Pav. Rylova, born of Augusta Sergeevna Zhaklina, who are also nieces and Vladimirov Sergeevich Zhilin, our son-in-law, deputy. August Ivanovna Rylova - to De Myanka, for Nikolai Pavlovich Krasnykh, and the youngest, Alexander Ivanovna Rylov - BE Slobodskaya, for Nikolai Ivanovich Kolotov. That way. N.ІSh, Irasnykh and N. І. Kolotov, through Zhilins, turned out to be also many distant relatives and, finally, N.P. Rylov and F.I. Lѣnikovѣ, through E Vladimіra p. Zhilin also turned out to be many close relatives, and we supported friendship and hospitality, but we did not conduct a commercial or a century of village operation among ourselves. At the end of the program, one hundred years, i.e. at. In 1898 or 1899, our company decided to insist, from the general Vyatka company of contractors, when distributing the number of deliveries, increase the normal rate - the number of deliveries directly from the Quartermaster, and not through E second hands. For by delivering through Adelkhanov, some of the benefits to all remained to Adelkhanov, sometimes the greatest,_______668_______Anam got only the remnants of good.In this year, the price of supplies, including the rise in price of raw materials, should have increased and bidding or three times. Before the first bid, Pavel Fedorovich announced to Vyatsky all for drivers about increasing his number, but he was refused and offered to leave the general company. He traded individually, and all the rest of Vyatskie - soobіstsa. Having learned from everyone, they turned out to be high and the delivery was not confirmed to anyone. We were disappointed that our attempt to increase our number at least to approximately the size of Uncle Ivan and Ilya, etc., failed, and, moreover, we were excluded from the general syndicate of Vyatichi. I talked with Stepansm Fed., I suggested that he bring in Jacob and Egor Ivanovich Ioskrebyshevs to join us in the contract business; Their tannery stood empty. And so, Egor Ivanovich. Poskrebyshev was the son-in-law of Pavel Petrovich Elabukov, then for this it could give money. II.P. Klabukov, and the third partner KE Nam to attract, as a specialist, Frol P. Lѣsnikova. Then all the other Vyatka breeders will see that the data are not alone, but vice versa. We eat a strong controversy for the unexpected, mainly the large capitalist AAA P.P. take on both of them a syndicate and satisfy our requirement to add quantity. StepanF, in principle approved my thoughts, but expressed the sun that hardly P.P. Elabukov go on this matter, and secondly - quickly not arrange a company; but do not hesitate to try. I'm praise, talked F.P. The Lsnikovs and the next day they went with them to Vyatka. In the evening, they built a concert and a house Georgi Iv. By_______669_______srebysheva s. P.I. Klabukovym, r.p. Tѣsnikov and many others. Listen to our designs and suggestions, to speed things up - do not constitute an official trading house or mutual partnershipand immediately take the rights - trade and governor certificate for factory productivity for brothers. By scrabyshev. In this way, they invest their backwater in the company, P.P. Elabukov all the necessary capital, and F.P. Descend as dreaming is your work, and write your home condition between you, immediately go to the business. This evening the celebration took place. They wrote home terms here, and in the morning they took up trade rights and governor's testimonies, wrote a letter of attorney to Nolai Pav. Rylov, and the next day he rode out on horseback to Moscow, so that within a week the company organized a new and new competitor to the top of the line with the brothers Yakov Brothers and George Ivanovich Poskrebyshe. Pavel Fedorovich at first was delighted with this. But then it turned out that our or my assumptions did not materialize, I was mistaken. The rest of the breeders were, of course, surprised, but were not afraid, but became even more embittered with our company. Pavel Fed., Not wanting to personally accept all responsibility, you demanded that Stepan Fedorovich repeat the next bidding for Moscow. The second auction was conducted by Ilskrebyshev, and the rest were all together. We set high warehouses again at all warehouses; and the rest of the company put high prices on the Skii, Kremenchug and Kievsky folds, and delivery was always easier on the Voronezh warehouses, where they put lower, i.e. last year’s prices, and the whole amount was taken away, we didn’t get anything, and after them the treasury approved the entire Voronezh warehouse. The remaining warehouses appointed rebidding. Then it turned out that_______670_______ our company not only didn’t win, but lost, because if we join the common syn Dikat, then we won’t get anything out of the Voronezh amount. Stepan r. lose heart .. In building on Kokorevsky Compound% s. By Alexander. Ilyich. Vakhrushev, the last bark of Stepan ӧ. to himself an apartment and together with his father., Ilya Tim., began to criticize our company’s principle, both in relation to real trading, and generally speaking, our company did above its means and increased construction of the plant without any need, and even this steam with my miners. They began to arm Stepan Fed. against Paul Fed. and against me, but then they expressed complete displeasure - why did they attract the Doskrebyshevs, Stepan Fed.,Having returned from Alexander Ilyich to Pavel Fed’s apartment, he began to speak with Pavel in a raised tone. Fed. , as if he were in all agreement with the opinion of Ilya T. and blamed Pavel Fed. for all that they were not very good at it and not only couldn’t achieve the desired increase in quantity, but the model would remain without a contract and enrage against it all. Before it’s too late, you have to go with the confession - perhaps come to the same conditions. Pavel Fed. stated that: "I am now. I see that if we, personally, in our firmsѣ began to double in size, sitting in the same boatѣ and rowing in different directions, then we won’t swim away, but you can drown. If you go alone with of the back doors through Uncle Ilya, who most of all rebels against the allowance to us, then, of course, now we don’t have anything left to do, how to go to the train station, give up all our demands and only defend the previous amount. " Nicholas Il in the trap Rylov, dyvy on behalf of the brothers. Poskrebyshevsone_______671_______ this time was great friendship and bachelor company with Trifon and Ivan Laptev and. Having his former friendship with them, he tried through him that they insisted on the others, to reconcile all with Pavel Fedorovich. Wahrushe vim E, adding at least a little, and accept the brothers. IIskoskrybyshevyh in general syndicate for a small amount. The Laptevs bowed and communicated to N.II. Rylov everything was to be arranged peacefully. And in the morning, St. Panavly went to Ilf t. And declared that they had confessed, refuse to demand an increase and insist on remaining the same amount, without decrease. The rest of the breeders are gathering. They are informed that the Fedorovichi refused their demands, the question remains only regarding Br. Poskrebyshevs. You said to Pante: “VIN had a conversation. With. N.P. Rylov, and having learned from him that the Poskrebyshevs would be satisfied with the minimum amountѣ, we gave him our word that we would beg for the rest and end the deal peacefully, and our opinion is that we should accept Iskrebyshe go out to the minimum quantity, because these are your own people, they’ll remind you of Vyatka, and their companion, Pavel Petr Klabukov, all respected people, we should follow and give him something good. If he and entered it, it’s for the sake of his son-in-law, George Ivan Poskrebysheva - wants to try to see if a tanner comes out of him, n "you can vouch that neither George Hvanovich nor Yakoe Ivanovich Poskreba you yourself can’t tannerize, and therefore 1.II. Look at Klabukov for a year or two, and then throw everything away." indeed, for this year everything was all right - they were peaceful. For two years, II oskrebyshevsh s11ѣ snikov and club kovym ѣ mocked. F.II. 1 “these two years lived in Vyat - kѣ at the Poskrebyshevsky plant”, and in the village for skornykhnykh dѣlon_______672_______ his relatives, distant relatives, followed him. Nikolay Pavlovichi Rylovѣ for 14% - half of the year lived at the Yayan plant in the village of Spassky, and half of the year was Noskv, 13 of the Izhevgorod and Irbitsky fairs. F.II. Tѣsnikov got the Hope to the Havennago Poskrebyshevskogo gave a third of the net benefit, but in general. that fonѣ received from this matter at. Vyatka, there was almost nowhat he lost in his. Skornyakh: Nomӣ for the lack of housekeeping supervision in the village of Spasskol. ІІ.ІІ. I’m very bad to see that his son-in-law, G.N. Poskrebyshev, does not accept TIRnago’s participation in the tanneries and is poorly interested in a certain factory. І.ІІ. Klabukov categorically refused the continuation of this case and the frol Petrovichlьsnikov returned two years later to the village of Spasskoye to his furrowed house.V. 1897, the year in the town of Slobodsky Zemsky chiefs of the 1st section Mr. Mitya inі send BEL resignation. Gradually, his zaѣѣѣstil and the respecting rank of the zemstvo chief, Kandy give the post of zemstvo, chief, to anger Mikhailovich Khusersky. Unlike the diligent zemstvo chief, the young one wanted to show his energy to the head of the governorate. He immediately drew attention and began to have a lot of extracurricular education in his own school: to open village schools, reading rooms and sobriety societies. Ilə acquaintance, first phase and ... lycersky poѣkhal in the village of Spasskoye kѣ b.P. Tsnikov, CE proposed to open in the village Spasskomsobschestvo sobriety, or at least a library - reading room. Tsnikov donated one hundred rubles to the bi library and refused to trouble further, saying that it is hardly possible that peasants can do anything with our society, and the library can be accommodated at church_______673_______ the parish takolѣ, seeking permission in the Spassky village and, by the way, according to the construction built at its own expense. Paul. Vasilievichem Rylov, -know the cheat, there will be no obstacles to accommodating schools in the library from the side of Ryadov. I’m from the village of Spasskago, but you are the zemstvo chief, or the correcting post of the zemstvo chief, I.E. Luserskiy, came to our village and came to my house with a request to collect all the villagers to discuss it before sobriety - open the sobriety and sobriety with me a library - a reading room. ІІ the boy I had sent, circled the village, reported that there was nobody at home. Then IM Musersky began to persuade me that I would, according to the example of F.II. Tѣsnikova, while donating to the library, and to the rest of the factory owners Vakhrushev, they will be through a week and will try to persuade them to open a sobriety society and build a reading room. I agreed, and by a short notice, that I personally donated two hundred rubles to the bi-library of the village of Voznesensko-Vakhrusheva on my own behalf. After a week, Prіkhal I.M. usersky vѣ village, and right in the house. Nikolai Ilyich Wahru Sheva. Last sent to collect the villagers. Only Stepan F. and I came. Listen to the offer of a new and referring post! - skago chief I. і. at the Serskago, Stepan Fed. they said that he: I also agree to the date of 200 rubles: but I would prefer that, as its amount, the sum of Peter Al. , inextricably walked together on behalf of the trading house "Fedor T. Vakhrushev c-I", together 400 rubles. even 500 rubles, and let the library already have sobriety society from - to open Ot itself. Nikolai Ilyich said that he OTE OUR company donates 500 rubles to sobriety society. and also support the proposal of Stepan. so that the library is not kept up-to-date, but that society guarantees an open library_______674_______ teki are the most. AND I. For some reason, Dyuserskol wanted the finished library to be fed the week before, remain strong, but the NEW VENU post has not been canceled now. They asked me how I look at this new proposal. I denied that for the general good, I did not insist that the library should be merged on my behalf and agree to be sent! The other proposal was made by the rest of the donors, unless, of course, the zemstvo chief did not find any legal obstacle to this. 1.1. Egusersky proceeded and said: “for me, but for some reason, it’s more convenient to leave it as it is, that is, the society that has opened today would not annul the previously established biblical edema, and if they could, they could connect. But if all the donors unanimously stand, then let's just record it. "The question is NIKE: how and where to place a society of trebility and library. It is necessary to build a small wooden hut-reading room, or rent a room, at least next to it, in village Rusanovskoy. Stepan 2. Call me aside and suggest: "Come on, we will temporarily give the building for the hut on our patio strip. We’ve shaded the garden 10 along the road and 10 in depth, that is, 100 sqm savannah for 10 or 12 years without 11 lagens). If we say that we will give it to the earth, then we won’t be able to add supplements with money. All these collected donations of 1000 rubles. not enough. "I agreed and we stated that we were giving 100 sq. fathoms of land on our arable land ending at the postal tract / this is the place where, in the middle of the yard, the courtyard had to leave the factory to practice /. 4. 11. Lusersky otoraya il: immediately they wrote a uniform opening_______675_______ us a subscription to 100 square meters. 12 fathoms for building out of sobriety for society. While all this was being drawn up and written, you, the house of Nikolai Ilyich, Ilya Timofeevich Sami, met the new boss in the zemstvo. His son. Nikolay Ilyich reported everything to him: "I, on your behalf, pailasha, signed 500 rubles. How would you approve of this." Ilya T. said: “I fully approve, but I suggest that you all, my sons, write in your own name, although a hundred rubles at a time,”. Instantly increased another 500 p. total 1,500 rubles. reported to Il'i Tiiy. that Fedorov chi would give, free of charge, 100 k. sai, of land on the tract, in order to build temporarily wooden from the reading room, and immediately place a society of sobriety. Ilya Tiіl. thought and declared: “For 1000 or 1500 rubles, perhaps you can’t build anything well, and build up 12 years of rented, albeit free, land is not reasonable. Because it is easy for you to carry it. Carrying will cost more. Better without rushing to find permanent land, and then build something permanent and not temporary on it. In the meantime, for 3-5 years, I’ll probably give you sobriety society the lower floor of a building that’s building on the road, near the house church house, I was hoping to let this school of the Zemstvo go, but "Mst its upper floor, and sobriety society - lower ground." All gratitude accepted this offer and I.I. Musersky recorded for 5 years, but Ilya T. asked to add that if he needs this room for himself before five years, then he will at his own expense provide the appropriate room allowance on the road to. se lѣ Vakhrushevѣ. A month later, a sobriety society in the house was opened in the village of Vakhrushev. Ilya T. Vakhrushev, approval mustache_______676​_______ Tav, elected committee and chairman of the committee, father deacon Arkady Ivanovich Karakulin. In the same room, a free library is open. The father of 11 Ikolai Dobrovolskago was chosen as the head of the library. Out of lawsuit books and selection of thoseӣ were made by the presidium committee, i.e. deacon. Ar.I. Maraku lin E, priest. Nikolai Dobrovolsky, with the participation of the inspector of public schools Nikolai Pavlovich Eibardin / son-in-law of Archbishop Alexei and, finally, with the participation of I. M. Musersky. A cheap teahouse and cheap dining room was opened in sobriety. The tea room quickly developed and worked well, but the dining room was not needed. Most of the workers in the factories work on household maintenance, and if there was a purchase or pick-up, you brought in goods, so they went into the premises of the company sober up, took tea, and drank it with their bread. Six months later, Slobodsky theater-goers suggested through the zemstagos Dr. Alexander Viktorovich Ivanovskogo to put on a performance in our village, collect it in order to send our sobriety society, at least for stage equipment, they were smoking and curtains to the stage. Instantly everyone prepared, equipped the stage, chairs, benches in the auditorium. On the appointed day, on one of the Sundays, the hali from Slobodsky were all lovers. The main role was played by Tikhon Yakovlevich, Aleksandrov, and the main female role was played by the daughter of the postal chief, Slobodsky, young lady ІParfenova | VE posledstviii she married Slobodsky merchant, Peter Alek ѣ sevich Raspolov. The play was staged for the first time: "Do not live as you want, but like God command." The performance came down very well, but I must say that Tikhon Yakovlevich_______677_______Aleksandrov was formerly the best amateur artist in Slobodsky and they always played no worse than a good professional. The audience was full, all local residents of the village of Vakhrusheva, office workers and workers. Part of the audience beat and prіѣzzhie from Slobodsky. Judging by the premises, the financial collection was big, because the front rows were expensive, and the back rows, designed for workers, were very cheap. The equipment of the scene was covered in excess, especially by charities in the tea eateries in the buffet for the duration of the snackfor example, where they all watered tea for free, and whoever wants it - take it out for the improvement of the scene, also on the tea table, on a plate set for this purpose. Naturally, almost everything was turned over by credit papers, many times more than the cost of your purchase. Among the amateurs, Slobodskiy artists, there was still a very good amateur artist, the teacher of the Sloboda city school Afanasyevѣ. At this time, he played the role of Yerema the blacksmith and performed very well. II two months later, Mr. Afanasyev proposed that the commitee of the sobriety society in our village organize their workpu lovers of scenic art from the inhabitants of our village, factory owners, employees and teachers of the Zemstvo school and home teachers. The committees willingly accepted this proposal with a request that Mr. Afanasyev and himself take part in the first performance, as a director and as an artist. For the first time, the sons of Ilya Tim expressed their consent to play from the factory. - Alexey Ilyich and Afanasy Ilyich, and Peter Vasilyevich was born. The school teacher was the niece of the Slobodsky police officer Dumarevskago, Ekaterina Alekseevna Guseva, young lady. She played on stage together with her mother, Matrena AlekseevnaAnheleven_______678_______Goose, as well as another. First performances directed byAfanasyev’s teachers in our village put on plays Skago Island: “Poverty is not vice” and “We will reckon with our people.” When Afanasyev was negotiating with the committee on the organization of his own troupe of lovers from the villagers, I was away at that time and did not accept any participation in the organization, but when the performances were staged, I was already at home and included the number of spectators paid for the performances and then also the number of members of the committee, thanking their initiator and director Mr. Atanasye wa for the idea and the work they had suffered and for the pleasure - all the inhabitants of the village of Vakhrushevskogo.. BE last Afanasyev I had a visit to CE for a conversation for tea. They asked me why I did not accept the poppy participation in the amateur corpse of my village. I makhnul ru kei, saying that when they organized, I was away, but if I were at home, I would not have taken part, -where to us. He interrupted me, saying: “You want to say the whole thing from the proverbs:“ Where do we need to get married ”, or“ Where do we have to drink tea with the gentlemen. ”Only people who can’t talk to themselves, but It’s not you. Maybe you think and talk about you like that, imagining yourself as guest odes with whom, supposedly no one can manage to drink tea, and if you can, let me prove that you are not only sirs to drink 50khet, but even make I’m eating you to drink one saucer. * I blurted out and said: “The first time I hear these proverbs are evil, and even more surprised you Kli Vali with their arguments against these ambassadors11 E. But if I, indeed, were afraid that someone would think and speak about such things, then it would be possible that you would be tempted by the arguments given by you_______679_______ make the Lord drink tea with one platter with me. But I just have no desire to play on the stage and no free time to play and attend rehearsals. "For some reason, Mr. Afanasyevѣ was implacable. It’s possible that there’s been some talk about the change of Roma’s view , as the foregoing proverbs say, and, apparently, he argued that he could attract me too. Afanasyev began to persuade me to play me, if you’re an amateur Vakhrushev troupe, -at least in order to show him courtesy, and shared the role of picking up not difficult and short, which can be done without interruption, if I can not extend the time for rehearsal. I give the floor to respect him. Soon sobriety was put in our sobriety society, the amateur performance of Gogol’s “marriage”. Vіnѣ was given the role of the groom-merchant. Indeed, I didn’t participate in any rehearsal without any free time, or during the days of rehearsal in Vyatka, and therefore someone else was at the dress rehearsal for me, even director Afanasyev seems to be me. On the day of the performance, I appeared in sobriety society in half an hour.They managed to make me up, forged a beard. Afanasyev once said how to enter, modestly and in a low voice to say the nonsense monologue and loudly, embittered by the last monologues, and leave, with a bully. But: I came in, pronounce loudly both the first and second monologues, so I myself was confident that I had badly performed this role. Although the director of this did not say much, it turned out that the audience liked it. But personally, I’ve never taken part in amateur performances on the stage; I prefer to let others play, and I’ll watch. But in sobriety societies, amateur performances continued and_______680_______ always with some kind of charitable purpose, for example, - during the Japanese War they staged a performance and lively paintings, taking into account our elder children, you are good for wounded soldiers in wars, and similar charity.before the expiration of five years, Timofeevich needed this house for Alexander Ilyich, the youngest. This house was built on a tillage cavity, overlooking the tract and sideways in contact with the arable land of the village of Rusanovskaya. The house should be on my own inter-Council of Rusanovo land. Ilya Tim, the peasants proposed by us the village of Rusanovskaya to give him wedges of arable land in contact with his strip along the path of 20 soot. and in the depths of a straight line on the boundary column came out triangles of 300 or 400 square sazhen, give them some kind of monetary reward and an obligation to retreat 10 sazhens to leave your house and plant a garden, to build a stone building for your remaining ten sazhen and donate it to society sobriety forever. In this building, the committees of the company undertook to provide the whole Zeleninsky society with peasants for free revenge for world gatherings, which happen 3-4 times a year. the peasants of the village of Rusanovskaya agreed and, according to the sentence, ceded Il' Tim. Vakhrushev indicated land. Ilya Tim, did not slowly build according to the plan of architect Ivan Apollonovich Charushin a special building for sobriety society, but on the very edge of the former Rusanov’s plot of land, from the Rusanovskoye side, and the rest of the converted land made up the gap required by law - 10 Saya. and for fathoms by the garden, ranked as the house of Alexander Ilyich. Vakhrusheva, A new independent sobriety society would beone._______681_______ the vast previous premises, but considering the size of the land, it was inconvenient to arrange the entrance to the premises of the company: from the path it was through the front door directly into the middle of the auditorium, which naturally was not acceptable during the performances or concerts, because It was arranged to split, and therefore on the side of the building, which stood on the Rusanovskaya land, was arranged. side entrance door with a small covered locker. Through this door, during performances and concerts, an auditorium entered the audience. Now they went left to the next billiard room to undress, and then they returned to the auditorium to get a seat. Not only amateurs, but also professional artists gave a show at this moment, as well as professional artists, who lived and went on a tour of Slobodskaya, back and forth in our village, giving a performance of the choice of a sobriety society committee. One or two times even the operettas were delivered: Zeleny Ostrov and Merry Widow. Passage also in. Slobodskoy was given a concert by Margarita Dmitrievna Slavyanskaya-Arsenyev, and after the concert she was recognized in my house with all our guests. After dinner, they danced and had fun so late after midnight, and after the dance, they immediately mounted horses. into the cart, and continued on her way with concerts in Slobodskaya and beyond.Soon we opened. sobriety society, Kandy give Zemstvo commanders I.M. Lusersky was the governor. Appointment staffing. Zemsky chiefs, it seems, in Elabuya sky. To us in Slobodskoy, the 1st section, in the place of Mit Yashin, the appointment was young - 22-23 years old - sent at the order of the governor, a noble family, apparently, onlyt_______682 _______why the university bench, I don’t remember his name. But in. They served the Slobodsky Zemsky commanders for no more than the first year, Petersburg was recalled, and after him Slobodskoy was sent to the 1st precinct, the Zemsky chief was appointed to take the Vyatka Councilor of the Provincial Government, Pavel Semenovska Pashchevsk Pashchevsk.Around the year 1900, from Vyatka, His Eminence Archbishop Alexei was transferred to Tiflis in the Archbishopric and Exarch of Georgia. A year or two before his transfer to Tiflis, Ilya Tim. Vakhrushev repeatedly went to Vyatka to Archbishop Alexey and asked for the removal from our village of the priest Father Nikolai Dobrovolskago, where he could find Vladyka useful at his own discretion. Once Ilya Tim. got it like this: "Vladyka, remove the priest from us, and for this I will rebuild the bell tower in our village and expand the church." Vladika Aleksey rejected: “I don’t trade in priests and donate such similar conditions as objectionable to God, who are not from my heart, not from an excess of feelings, but from bitterness or selfishness of Lyubia. I have told you and I repeat that I’m talking about priests I have brilliant reviews and from very very different sources: He deserves extraordinary rewards and an increase of 110 services, and therefore I mean it and will offer it to the first who has freed up the proto-priere’s place in the Vyatka diocese. " Ilya Tim, again ѣkhal from і Archbishop Alexis unsatisfied. After that time, in Orlovskiy uzdz, in the village of Istobenskomt / where there are two churches on the banks of the river Vyatka /, in the main large church, where there are two reasons, die the senior priest, all the honored abbot. Archbishop Alexy summoned to himself_______683_______of our priest, father Nikolai Dobrovolskago, and they offered him this place, and said: “You are well-known, probably about the course of the secrets of Ilya Tim. Vakhrushev, you have been removed from villages. But let not you know that all the other builders have been very careful in front of me so that I don’t translate Vasya from their villages anywhere. I told both sides that without your personal consent I won’t translate Vasya anywhere, but the first best place would be offered by me to Van, as a worthy candidate. Of course, if you agree If you accept the place of the abbot in the St. Nicholas Church, then this, apparently, upsets the rest of the Vakhrushevs, apart from Ilya Tim., and therefore I recommend that you make your own visit to Isbensk, familiarize yourself with the new service, parish and living conditions then, having returned, to talk with his family and with all of the Vakhrushevs. For this, I will give you two weeks to think. "O. I. Dobrovolsky passage on the steamer and ship Istorensk, ORE Vyatka for half a day. “Steams on the ship”. Three days later he returned to the village, and after the consent of his wife and children, they found the offer of the Lord not only acceptable, but as a reward or encouragement for long-suffering and humility in transferring to the father. Ilya Tim. Having conversed with all the Vakhrushevs, he said that Vladyka would grant him such mercy, but asked to definitely find out from all the builders of the temple Va Khrushevshey - would it bring grief to them and would it not be for the children that it was only interpreted that the translation was made for the sake of Ily Tim. and ѣ damageѣ of the applications of the others. We all unanimously welcomed Father Nikolai Dobrovolskoy worthy of the above and asked to reassure Vladyka Alexiy, which is for the good_______684_______ services and services, and for the sake of personal well-being, we are our spiritual father [although we are very dry, we put our personal interests below - rejoice for him and thank Vladyka Alex_ya for the wise decision. about. Nikolay Dobrovolskiy Pohal kl Vladyk and filed an appropriate request for a translation of him in Istoben sky. In words, the foregoing said with us the conversation. The appointment took place. Two or three weeks later, Father Nikolai Dobrovolsky was appointed a departure from the village of Va Khrusheva. Before departure, on Sunday, he ordinarily performed the Liturgy, and then at the maternity prayer - beggar and farewell. We have prepared for the departing abbot, our confessor, a thank-you address and the icon of St. Nicholas the Wonderworker in a silver robe. All residents of the village of Vakhrushe va and many parishioners from the surrounding villages, except for the family of Ilya Tim, signed the address. This Sunday people gathered for the people of the Liturgy and the whole church, and all the Liturgy, prayer, and until the end of the farewell were held. After the prayer, Ivan Ivanovich Vakhrushev, as the eldest son of Ivan Timofeevich, i.e. senior builder of the church, on behalf of the entire parish, please read the address, and Vasily Parfenovichraise the icon. Father Nikolai Dobrovolskiy said a terrible felt word, many parishioners shed tears, and father Nikolai Dobrovolskiy also shed tears. After more than an hour, he said goodbye, kissing everyone. Then, the builders of the temple took her to an apartment, drank tea, had a bit of a bite, and led him out of the yard. He modestly went to Vyatka to ride his horse, holding the icon brought to him by the parish in his open hand, and therefore, while they were a hal in the village with the icon, they rang all the bells to the bell. Ilya Tim. and most of his family this day is notfifteenfrom_______685_______ they were in the templeѣ and did not participate in seeing off Father N. Dobrovolskago.One year before departure from our village, Father N. Volunteer, according to his representation, through the EI Archival Authority, I received the first highest award - a silver medal on the Stanislavskaya ribbonѣ on the chest with the inscription: for zeal / for the donation and decoration of the temple of the village of Voznesensko-Vakhrushevo /.After the departure of Father N. Dobrovolskago, the Vyatka spiritual congregation was immediately appointed rector of our church, a young priest from the village of Kumen, father Ioann Nikolayevich Rushetnikov, son-in-law of the honored Vyatka archpriest Garkunov, who served at the Theological Cemetery. Cross it out. Kushen coincided with the birth of his first daughter Nina. Xhena o, Joanna Rѣshetnikova, 10 apparently didn’t succeed well 110 to recover after childbirth. While she was drifting from the village of Kumen to Vyatka, she caught a cold and died a day later in Vyatka in her father’s apartment. In Vyatka, she was buried in the Theological Cemetery. Father Ioann Rньshetnikov prіkhal kѣ nam vѣ village widower - a young priest, mother with an old woman and daughter. I did not have time to warm up, apparently, according to the instructions given by Vyatka. My father-in-law immediately changed clothes and went to the church headman, Il.t. Two hours later, from Ilya Tim, on the best horse and the best crew, owned by Ilya Tim., And with his heap rum, father Ioann went to visit all the inhabitants of the village of Vakhrusheva, met, and the next day began to serve, and served around twenty years, before the revolution.Before the departure of Archbishop Alexis iz Vyatka in Tiflisi, his daughter Anastasiya Alekseevna got married. at. Vyatka for the inspector of the public schools of Nikolai Pavlovich Kibardin, appointedttE_______686_______ nago VS Sloboda. According to the town of Slobodskaya, they rented an apartment on the top floor of the house of Mikhail Nikolayevich Kelvakov / nicknamed Kurashѣ /. / last post this house was bought by Stepan. Fedorovich. Vakhrushchev, the dowry of his eldest daughter, Vѣrѣ Stepanovna, who married Leonid Ivanovich Dolgushev. Having made visits to whom it was deemed necessary in the city of Slobodsky and on the demyanka, Eibardins went to the village and made acquaintances to all of Vakhrushevs when they visited me, Anastasia Alekseevna Kibardina was glad that I knew: and me, whom I met and treated to tea with my dad and Vladyka Alexy, when we went to the Vladyka’s post-All-Vespers, as reported above. Speaker Nikolai Pavlovich Kibardin, addressing the audience, said: "Bishop His Grace Alexy recommended that you first of all get to know you and ask your community, as a public council, to help and support some kind of school, church and church parish ". I denied that I am not a member of the Zemstvo vowels, and Nikolay Ilyich is a member, follow these suggestions to turn to him. Kibardin said: “What a pity. But to him and I’m Tim., Between us, Archbishop Alexis does not advise ovals for what to address. But why do not you run for the vowels. And is it not possible in the next election. to stand for election, I denied that I had never thought about it and didn’t see that it would be of any use to me, to myself or to anyone else, but it seems that it takes time decently, pp. Kibardin begins to prove a lot that a good conscious vowel, especially the provincial Moscow Glasny_______687_______ and there is a very great significance, especially with a well-known name and position, and even one that knows how to unite others around itself. vowels - bow down before such vowels and seek a lot, and sometimes the governor also requests individual vowels. “Yes, here you are and take note: I, having come to Slobodskoy district, are the first to seek support among the vowels of the zemstvos. I beg Vasya to think seriously about this and go to the zemstvo vowels of the Sloboda district. "I dismissed that I didn’t give a final word, but let me know and understand: when the elections, and they are being held, and if I had the right to be elected. Through For several days, Anempo Gervasievich Rodanov was with us; I ask him: "Who should elect the Zemstvo vowels from the peasants. How, for example, Nikolai Ilyich Vakhrushev was chosen, and why didn’t Ilya Timofeevich choose, but his sonѣ. "An G.G. three years peasants on, necessarily the forebear, not younger than 30 years, but not obligatoryIt’s necessary that from the number of those participating in gatherings, but it is possible not from those involved, they’re more likely to choose a lot of family ones. Previously, Ilya Tilya was elected. since he has six sons, and when he was elected to the church elders, he proposed, along with himself, if the society so desires, then choose one of his sons. No one was found, and Nikolai Ilyich was then eagerly chosen. In the next three years, I wanted to elect someone else to the society; persuaded me, but I categorically refused, as a loner and not afraid that in many ways I would have another, worse public service. Then they again elected Nikolai Ilyich_______688_______ and for Ilya Timofeevich’s family it’s a big internet: with seven or seven workers, men, they would have imposed 1 or 2 public services each year, and now they themselves will be elected as church members in the village head, and their son in Zemstvo. vowels, the whole family is already insured for ten or more years — no one of them will be selected anywhere, nor in any public service to choose.I told him a secret that I was an inspector. public schools persuaded to stand for candidacy Ot Stulovsky volost; if I wish, then where and when and who needs this. declare. Or it is necessary at first to act as advisers to the volost rights of Lenin. Anatoly G. Fofonov explained: “Your village’s son is a small consul because your village has few separate households, and therefore it is numbered in Rusanovskaya’s village, and Rusano’s father-in-law is Galaktion Nikitich Rusanov. But you don’t have to choose one. nobody needs it either, but it’s enough for 2-3 advisers to say that if you point to Vasya, you won’t refuse, and since I am a member of the village of Bakharenskaya, I’m an adviser to M., if you authorize me, i.e. confirm me, that in case you don’t refuse, then I’ll talk about how many advisers and I can guarantee that you will be happy to choose. And I, for my part, even convene you, because you have all the heirs of Fedor Timofeevich considered as one indivisible peasant land tenure, and therefore there is a large family, and can elect volost foremen or in the community and village headmen, then you will not be glad to serveѣ, but you will have to serve. " I said: "It’s a long time before the election, on occasion, c. You find it useful, talk, and if you see that without any complications find my candidacy_______689_______if you’re acceptable, you can allow me to run for election, and then, if I’ve been elected, I won’t refuse. ”Six months later or about a year later, re-elections of Zemstvo vowels were held all over the place. Neither I nor Nikolai Ilyich were at the Stulovsky Volost volost , and it turned out that they almost unanimously elected me. However, the representative of the Kharenskaya village, Yakov Alekseyevich E Sharomov, insisted that the former Nikolai Ilyich still did not refuse, then he should be chosen, or his next brother, Astana siy Ilyich. But he was drowned and shouted : "Enough of them EMI men hide behind takіya legkіya service. If you want, we’ll choose Amy as their village headman or Vi foreman, but for now this is three years let the Fedorovich family alone serve as a vowel, which by the way has not been listened to in any public services. "The next day, we learned that the elections for the lawful Om basis were held, and from all 27 volosts of Sloboda district, the lists of elected candidates are presented to the attestation officer and the district commanders at the discretion of the governor. The governors distribute all 27 people in the queue, and eight of them are placed in the vowels for the first regular Zemstvo meeting and serve all three years until the next re-election. But in case, if out of these eight who die before the expiration of three years or refuse for good reason, then they serve for him as a vowel of the next uktsiy, put by the governor on the 9th turn, and after that 1 () - uyu, and so on, but back queues never get into vowels. Like Nikolai Ilyich, so did I, always fell in the number of first queues). Thus, from the year 1902 I was elected_______690_______ and approval by the governor in Slobodsky zemsky vowels.Ilya Tim very upset the result of the choice of me by the vowels instead of Nikolai Ilyich. and his whole family. The main thing is that they were all so self-assured that Nikolai Ilyich would be unanimously re-elected to the third three-year period and no one would follow when there was a rural municipality and hoped that Yakov Al. Sharomoz would equip everything alone. You are the last Ya. A. Sharomo BE justified yourself to Ilya Timof. That for him it was a neo-liquidity. In advance of the volost gathering, nobody said anything about the new candidate for the vowels anywhere, and during the gathering, when the foreman read the announcement of re-swearing to the new three-year vowel, someone from behind shouted that it was necessary to choose a new one, from another family, and from a different angle from what they needed from the family of Fedor Timofeevich Vakhrushev. Many shouted out: 11etra Alexandrovich. Despite the protests of Ya. A. Sharomov, that Nikolai Ilyich does not refuse, that it is not convenient to remove him, to replace him with his brother in extremes. Afanasіem, - get together unanimously decided: to choose the vowels of Peter Alexandrovich: Vakhrushev. Anger of the family of Ilya Tim. against me it has increased even more, but this moment is not outstandingDossier.Koya zemstvo activity began in Slobodsky under the representative of the Slobodsky zemstvo council, Aleksev Nikolaevich klyaev. The representative of the Zemstvo assembly was the current State Council, Arkadiy Ivanovich Rossikhin, who landed on the upper floor - this is the same floor of the house of Ivan Lukich Telvakov along Rozhdestvenskaya Street. The members of the Zemstvo council were: the remaining three years ago - officials appointed by the governor I. A. Pletnev, relatives_______691_______Nik A.I. Rossiina, and the second member of the council, elected from the vowels of the Sloboda merchant, Mikhail Mikhailovich Plyusni NOT I are many relatives, married to the cousin of my wife, Sofya Mikhailovna Oparina /. They were elected from the city as vowels for the coming three years, and so for this three years, and hoped to go on again. members of the district council. “Therefore, they were very happy for my election to you, Ikolay Ilyich, with whom they were not friends, but I, considering my relative, Vitalny counted on my support in the election of the board of directors. The next vowels for this were three-hundredth (agricultural and large property Aleks. Liklyaev, Konstantin Platonovich Kuznetsov, manager of the Aleksandrovs' distillery and brewery for demyanka, engineer Dmitry Arkadyevich Bogaevskiy, manager of the Kirsinsky railway factory, the city of Sloboda Sloboda compartment Konstantini Ivanovich.Gromozov, Zemstvo doctor Aleksandr Viktorovich Ivanovskiy and teacher of the Sloboda female gymnasium N.A. Kazimirov / son-in-law of the former chairman of the Zemstvo council 11.1 Bulgakov / and the mayor of Valentina Petrovich Kursakov / breech plant, P. Bulgakova, brother-in-law of Kazimirova, i.e. they were Kenans for two siblings, daughters. II. P. Bulgakova /. The representative of the property being withdrawn is forest, there are plenty of them in the village, they are appointed Whose Vasily Egoro vich Romanov, living and in Slobodsky. The father of hovnago households is the abbot of the Sloboda Nikolskaya Church, father Nikolai Vereshchagin. There are eight vowels among the peasants, of which I was a good sign even earlier, with only one - Fedoromi Ivanovich, about Sinom, Lukhinsky volost, which 15_______692_______or 18 years were annually irreplaceable vowels, and served with my dads and uncles. vowels, as well as c. By Nicholas. Elijah - * than, and, finally, for this three-year period, it turned out that he and I are among the vowels. Knowing his experience, I myself tried to get close to him and asked me to teach me a tant, where for me there would be a need. The remaining six peasants. many vowels were not known - ordinary peasants who had little charts, and I don’t remember their last name. Only one of them. turned out to be a relative of Coy Sina - a peasant. Kolunitsky plant, Pyotr Danilovichi Kolesnikov, who served earlier in the Kholunitsky plant as an assistant accountant, having an education in a two-year ministerial school. 5.I. Koisin certified him as a good judge and Shklyaev on the good side and was advised to elect him by the members of the council.The previous three years of the Zemstvo administration, the secretary of the Zemstvo administration were Nikolai Mikhailovich Elycer, with liberal views and drunk. The clerk of the council formed a circle of like-minded people and drinking companions, joined this group and a member of the council, Mikh. M. ІІlusnin. Chairman of the Board A.N. Shklyaevѣ, after repeated warnings, announced to N. M. Musersky how he was fired, and finally fired him, and in his place they took secretary of the Slobodsky fellow citizen of the landlord, Vladimirov Aleksandrovich Salolin, and his assistant - Sergiy Nikolayevich Popov, all the clerk gradually fired. Of the entire comity, there was only one elected member of the board of directors of M. A. Ilyusnini; it was no longer in the power of the chairman of the council to dismiss him until the three-year-old of his choice was over. Only governors can remove him, and for what_______693_______or proven crime. Relationship with A.N. Vіklyaeva s.a.a. Plyusninim was very aggravated, and they lost one another on services only purely formally.Six months before the final dismissal of the secretary n. 14. Muserskago discovered that in the clerical office of the Zemstvo administration, a man had a lock by the cabinet with documents and stolen several different documents, accounts and inventories of property to be lined with II. When reported A.N. Yoshklyaev, he tried to find out when and the cells were broken and what was stolen. But no one could establish for sure, even what night or day is broken and k иld. We checked everything leaving documents; it turned out that completely insignificant documents and invoices were lost, and there were ten pieces of property lists, including a list of factory property of all four brothers. VA Khrushev, i.e. Parfena T., Fedor T., Ivan T. and Ilya T. and a fur coat-breeder N.I. Bokova. They drew up a protocol and didn’t give further progress, it turned out to give judgmentno one. When I entered the number of vowels, A.N. Shklyaev oncetold me a lot about it and atrosil me, didn’t keep us. after Fyodor T. kopi’s inventory of the factory property of the Zemstvo appraisal, as well as the power to ask uncles whether they have any copies. Come on. home, I searched the children's archive, I found nothing like nago; also did not have any of E's uncles. On another day it will be rejected, or that no one has kept spears; There are salary sheets for some years, there. the total of the assessment is. which can be written for future oblogenii. They said that in the book there is the previous assessment - there are numbers, but a detailed assessment is necessary, because last year’s Zemsky assembly decided to check all the inventory in kind and to evaluate the new constructionfrom_______694_______ki, which are not in the inventory, but here to check with us and why not. Vakhrushevskie factories and Bokovskiy will have to re-evaluate everything, this is not the interest of breeders and is not completely legal, they will provoke protests and a lot of trouble, but nothing can be done about it - the fact is clear. Wherein. Al. Nick. Shklyaev was explained to many sins - that they suspect that the most significant inventories - only Vakhrushevsky and Bokov - were almost stolen intentionally by the company of those dismissed, in order to avenge the president for dismissing and compromising him from the city. -if the breeder’s inventory was hidden, But the proof was not, and then only 11 rotocolomies were limited to BE and further. 1. The IIlyusnins do not serve on a budget: if he is elected as a member of the Universities, they will refuse to run for president. "But they are already in my place to appoint a deputy. They, mainly Ivanovskiy, picked up a city and such a vow of like-minded people to vote for me and hold their own, but without peasant votes they will not succeed in the majority there will be no E *, full name, Sin and I said that we will not go to their parties, and we will try to find out the rest of the peasants and attract them to ourselves, but it soon turned out that one peasant of the Sovinskaya volost Ivanovskiy attracted of your party, for the sake of holding him in the members of the council, but the rest peasants F.I. Toyn Sin Ye instructed that they would go with us.We began to count the votes, it turns out that Kazimirov and Plyusnin receive from 15 votes, 6 or 7 votes, no more. On the day of the election of the council, A.N. Shklyaev was elected and the chairpersons of the council with 10 votes to 5; V. members of the council: Kazimirov got 15 out of 6, and 9 black_______695_______ Nyakov, I. IIlyusnin 7 electoral, and 8 chernyakov, Sovin sky peasant 4 elect. and II Chernyakov, and two more peasants ran for, and also turned out to be out of favor, the rest have so far refused. about the resultѣ elect the Chairman of the Land Assembly A.I. Rossikhin protele graphing to the governor. At the end of the meeting A.N. ilklyaev invited me to his apartment. The only ones who say: “I have a plan like this: one member of the council should choose a Sinsko relative, Pyotr Da Nilovich Kolesnikov, a peasant Kholunitskago. Agrees to this Rossiҳin, and he insists on no one - leave the place for his relative Pletnevfor which, probably, the Buderas would ask the governor to appoint his BE Sloboda member of the council; Of course, if we don’t have the time for the second election, then perhaps the governors will satisfy Rossikhin’s request and appoint Pletnev again; I, to the extreme, prepare to put up with Pletnev, it’s better to plus Ninh or Kazimirov, but I didn’t say anything about this to Rossiin, but I wanted to advise you to keep up with you and get ahead of Rossikhn. as. You see, if, on appointment from the governor, to inform Pavel Romanovich Zarkin as a member of the council. "I am very enthusiastic that this is very good10, but like L - is it possible: because P. P. Zarkin is now and not a vowel, and not an official. A.N. Shklyaev explained that "II.P. Zarkin served 4 three-year member of the council, fully experienced, and according to the chancellery of the governor about him the best. I am brother, Pavel N. Klyaev, the ruler of the office, you are talking about this subject, and if necessary, he has bypassed the full responsibility of the governor. Therefore, if you agree, then immediately go to Pavel Poelevenone_______696_______ to Manovich Zarkin and ask him tomorrow morning to go: в завтра Vyatka and go to the governor’s office before 9 a.m. So take the ruler of the stationery Pavel Nikolaevich. Shklyaev, tell him that the name of our name is right, or, in my opinion, ask the governor to appoint all the members of the Sloboda Zemstvo Council, in case there is no time for relying on the state for the second member. And thenѣ, together with. Pavel Nikolayevich and go to Bernard, and there paul Nikol. he himself knows what to send to the governor about Zarkin and to approve Zarkinsky with a petition to prepare. If provincial consent is conditional on his application, then let Zarkin immediately, by urgent telegram, inform the following address: Slobodskaya, Zemsky assembly, Vakhrushev “Agree”, and if the governors refuse, then wire: “INT”. B. 9 hours. in the evening I am from A.N. Shklyaev send in house P.R. Zarkina on the Embankment of the streetѣ. They did not sleep yet, but sat with the same Agafya Pavlovna, and both knitted in a woolen stocking. Once I said, I conceived the privel, and on behalf of A.N. Shklyaev and his about the strength of Zarkin early in the morning. ѣhar vѣ Vyatka. Pavel Romanovich, Apparently, they were not at all surprised at the unexpected sentence nime, and the word was far, but at 4 o’clock in the morning, on their horses, get out Värka, and no later than 8 1/2 hours. will be in the office of the governor, wait for the arrival of the ruler of the office, Paul Nick. Shklyaeva, and exactly gains everything that Alex Alex Nick advised. Shklyaev. After the governor’s address, we ride a horse to the telegraph and by 12 o’clock in the afternoon we BE Slobodskoy will have an urgent telegram from him or something else. Long. After a while, a thought came to me, or I suspected that Pavel, Romanovich Zarkin was revived. Al.N. Shklyaev on the account_______697_______ of this plan, but they didn’t tell anyone, and many of them didn’t give a damn. But then I didn’t get there, more than once I managed it.etc. Zarkin in the morning at 4 o’clock. in the morning I went to Vyatka. You are in the morning meeting of the Zemstvo assembly N.I. Rossiҳinѣ message A.N. Iklyaev that the Governor’s telegram has been received to hold the second election under the law, to elect the required staff. Member of the Board. A.N. Shklyaev asked to postpone the election and announced telegrams before the breakfast break. Tue 12 I / 2 hours. the body of the gram ot Zarkin is still not. At breakfast, many Al.N. lil to say: “What will we do if the telegram is late. Then, after the last man, persuade him not to run for today, but ask him to wait until tomorrow, but oh, what if the governor. If you refuse, then you better choose him, then leave it for Pletnev, and if Zarkin agrees with the governor, then we won’t elect to select tomorrow and Russia’s telegram that you couldn’t choose before — you want to. " eu and not slѣduet naznachenіya OPE governor, then an emergency SWAT nіi, or buduschіy god, mogut blackballed and run again for the same position.After breakfast, at 12 3/4, opening the meeting, A.I. Rossi Gin announced the telegram of the governor and suggested 11.D. Kolesnikov, Koysin's relative: "Do you want to run for members of the parliament?" Tot agreed, he was elected 10 against 5. Reach the line to the second. To the question: "If you want to run for election," - This is to ask to break it up until tomorrow. B. this moment me the zemsky guard calls in corridors, I_______698_______ got up from the table, vybyal BE corridors. The peddler gives an urgent telegram. I tear, read: one word "I agree." And after me, A.N. Shklyaev, I showed him a telegram on the fly. He instantly killed his place and sentence A.I. Rossiҳinӣ still continues to frighten that peasant Nina: "Why do not you want to ward off today. Do you want to eat something to eat around." A.V. Iklyaev to tell Rossikhin that he is apparently afraid that he is going to vote and ask for a note that there were no barkers today - one member is still unhappy. So they telegraphed to the governor. Weeks later, through two Rossikhini, we asked the governor to appoint Pletnev, but he already showed him a paper that you were appointed Slobodskaya and the members of the board were P.R. Zarkin on the third anniversary. Nobody expected this and didn’t guess that they had left a place for Zarnin on purpose - they didn’t have to scold one member of the board.Before the ballot, I recalled 1. 21. Plyusnina to the side and invited him to abstain from the ballot, because he wanted to vote. Although I personally will put him to bed for his election, but he won’t get any more money. 4. i. The Plyusnins thanked for the match and dismissed: “I know that I’m cursing to convict the peasants against me, but with your votes I have false votes and, in addition, 3 questionable ones. They communicated by putting AI balloons to the right, his ple is my nephew. IIletnev and father Nikolai Vereshchagin. I’ll get 10 more, but if I get 8, then that’s enough. " I repeat that, according to my wishes, I don’t get more than 6 or 7, and therefore, as relatives, I warn him. . . The Pilyusnins nevertheless took a run at their own risk and won, just like KaziT._______699_______one.peace, six votes of your party and my seventh, and later said a lot: "You kept your word, and the rest of the conversation was false, and it’s understandable: A. 1. Rossikhin tried to keep one place for Pletnev. Much had to be done before that to think and in no case to count on him and on the Pletnevsky ball. "After the election of the composition of the council, elections were held for three vowels of the provincial zemstvo. Candidates for provincial vowels turned out to be four K.I. Gromozovi and F.I. Kosini, as the former provincial vowels, is already a few suggestions and doesn’t appear from being elected to a new three-year period; then engineer D.A. Bolaevsky and I. One of the four will be zaballotirovan or must themselves withdraw their candidacy. I have been eager to announce that I refuse. Bogaevskii from me was offered to run for many people, but to persuade me to refuse, or he can be voted on. I denied that the old people had been provincial for many three years. vowels, neither to coax, nor * to vote on him, I do not agree. It must be taken from him, and I still have time to serve the provincial vowels. In this way. Gromozov, Khoisin and Eogaevskiy were elected almost unanimously, but I did not run. Next year. K.I. Gromozov lost his qualification, because the former house he sold in Slobodskoy was sold by him, and he had to go out of the district and from the Berne vowels, and instead of him Slobodsky Zemst! - it took you before to choose the third provincial government for the remaining two years. Denya and chose the Sloboda Zemsky Assembly unanimously.The first three years in the Slobodsky Zemsky assembly of my_______700_______service staff. the vowels split into two parties, as I wrote above, because of the election of the composition of the council. City vowels headed by. They wanted to seize the Ivanovo governorate and take charge of zemstvo affairs, and A.N. Iklyaev, relying on the vowels of the peasants, managed to organize and did not give in. Because of this, stenosis aggravated, especially in Al.N. Kіyaeva s. Willow novski mѣ. The second burning issue is that we collected the past revaluation of the Vakhrushevsky factories and Bokovskago. Based on the one-year resolution of the Zemstvo: Agro assembly, Vakhrushevsky and Bokovskiy factories were reappraised according to the norms of the current moment of existing prices for construction materials in the current year. A lot of this and noisy argued in the folding commission, butby the majority recognized that once the old inventories were lost, there was no other way out, the Zemsky assembly agreed almost unanimouslymany commissions, accepted new assessments, and F.I. Koy blue poked for the rejection of new assessments before reassessing all the property to them of Sloboda district and the city according to the new norms, but for now they suggested that all property should be accepted in the amount of old assessments, included in the Zemsky books. The meeting didn’t agree with us and suggested that we stay with the individual Yonіi and appeal against the establishment of the zemstvo assembly. I did just that: I submitted a special opinion behind my sole signature. According to the reading of such a request, the zemstvo assembly, full name Koy xin said that on. joins the motives stated in the special opinion and the message was written under me on the same my special opinion. According to the law, all resolutions of the zemstvo are examined by the provincial zemsky. They are present under the chairmanship of the governor and are approved or canceled and returned unapproved to the same land.and1 Ica_______701_______The property for review in an emergency meeting or in the next regular county meeting. My particular opinion, without legal evidence and provincial zemstvo presence, was found to be unreasonable and unsubstantiated, without giving legal evidence, and then, upon the establishment of the Slobodsky zemstvo assembly, the governor was fully approved. According to the ethics of Novna, the otsѣnkam reported from Slobodsky surrounded the factories and the provincial Zen assembly. All this was learned by the Vyatka lawyer and various lawyers. One of them, closely standing KYO zemstvo activity, having embarked on hunting for hares si Asfanasim Iztyich. Vakhrushev !!! ъ, told him that the Sloboda Zeyskoe assembly had acted completely illegally and that it should be bled by the breeders in Senati. Afanasy Ilyich informed CE of these conversations as a fellow on his hunt: with his father. The old man instructed Nikolai Ilyich to travel to the village. Afanasiyem to this lawyer, to discuss in detail and ask him if he will undertake to protest and enter the Senate. and negotiate with them. Orist said that they are not involved in advocacy, because they are members of the State Service, but are ready to write the rest because they see the outrageous illegal actions of the Slobodsky Zemstvo assembly and also the provincial Zemstvo assembly. rewarded and provided to determine for themselves, but the main conditions t! 0 set - not to tell anyone who the writers of the Senate. Then he proposed, if he knew a lawyer from the VE Petersburg lawyer, to instruct him to come to the Senate.Upon his return from Vyatka, Nikolai Ilyich called all four of the factory owners Vakhruev and Bokov and explained everything.four_______702_______They unanimously decided: to ask this lawyer to appeal to the Senate and to pay him one hundred rubles per plant for his work. I now intentionally do not name the name of the lawyer: it is possible that he is still alive. A collective complaint from five breeders went to Petersburg., You Senates. it was entrusted to a private lawyer who even served in the office of Se nata earlier. They remunerated him and allocated one hundred rubles from the factory for expenses. In the Senate, the resolution of the zemstvo district of the nago and provincial assembly was canceled, indicating that the assessment should be carried out according to the standards approved by the zemstvo assembly and uniform for all property of the district and city. For the next year, Slobodskoye Zemsky was collected, taking into account the Senate’s instructions, some of them were excluded and again attracted these five breeders according to new records, and the rest had not time to reassess - they were recruited according to the old ones. We again, through the same lawyer, appealed to the Senate, and the Senate again from the government decreed the Zemstvos, sending a new indication. I don’t remember now what the new motives were. On the third year, the Sloboda Zemsky assembly, on the basis of the Senate new indications, still made a correction and again fouled or according to new inventories. Our lawyer found some more irregularities and again lodged an appeal against the Senate, but some of the five breeders refused: I was tired of paying two lawyers a fee, and as soon as I cut off these moments coincided with the Japanese war, there were a lot of work at the factories, and I waved my hand - he refused to appeal against the Senate again, and from that moment were introduced, as to our factories, as well as to all the properties of the district and the city, new assessments.from_______703_______ In the first year of my service as district vowels, in politics, I understood nothing and did not understand. At that time, Vyatka was already leaving, apart from provincial authorities, the private liberal newspaper Vyatka Rych. From this newspaper we learned that in St. Petersburg, the Minister of Internal Affairs should appoint new ministers, Prince Svyatopolk-Mirsky, and that many zemsky assemblies would send him invitations / for when they entered, they would speak, announcing a new political direction and spring. I show A.V. I’m saying to the Ivanovo newspaper: “Should the Slobodsky Zemstvo also welcome the new minister?” Ivanovskii delightedly dismissed: “Be sure to follow, I will make a proposal, and you will support the peasants, the rest of the vowels, to support it.” Ivanovskiy composed a telegram, to make the proposal unexpectedly for the chairperson of the meeting, A.I. : “Dare to elect a small commission, edit the telegram, or else to announce it.” A.N. Shklyaev offers Min to leave for 10 to take a break and during the break to familiarize himself with the proposed Ivanovsky telegram. During the break, ov two Shklyaev crossed out the draft telegram and showed A.I. Rosh Sikhin, saying that in this form it can be accepted unanimously. They asked A.V. Ivanovskago. He unscrewed: "If the crossed out words cause disagreement, then I do not insist on them, it would be better if the meeting was unanimous. "In the very first year of the next zemstvo assembly, according to the report of the zemstvo council, the daughter of Ivan Lukich Kolotov in Glazovskaya street, bought by the brothers Pyotr Iv, was bought by the zemstvo assembly. and Ivan Eve. Alexandrovров, and the zemstvo bought this_______704_______ a house from Aleksandrovy for 10,000 or 8,000 rubles. The courtyard of this house was in contact with the back side and the courtyards of the Zemstvo council, thus, the passage yard with. Glazovskaya street on Rozhdestvenskaya street. The Zemsky government, buying this house, planned to open this Kolotovsky house in the upper floor of the Zemstvo pharmacy, and the apartment below was for the visitor of the pharmacy. And the place being vacated at the hospital, occupied to this day by the pharmacy, is determined for the former department - the former dryahlovskiy house. But the Zemstvo female doctor at the Sloboda Hospital, Ms. Turaeva, supported by the vowel doctor Zemstvo Ivanovskiy, insists that she should have a maternity hospital upstairs and provide a woman with a lower floor for Turaeva to have a woman , lived at the maternity ward. The Zemstvo Government introduced this issue of questions at the time of the review of the Zemstvo assembly. A.N. Shklyaev talked with us in advance, explaining that it was completely vague for a pharmacy and pharmacist there, it’s necessary to make a large extension to the Dryalov’s house, or to rent an apartment for the pharmacist, and there are very few puerperas in the maternity ward. Doctor Tu Raeva is seeking to occupy a maternity home for the maternity ward, so that, on a specious pretext, she should use the finished apartment. And if we give her a finished apartment, then the senior Zemsky doctor A.V. Ivanovsky will have to give an apartment day gi or an increase in salary, because he supports the date of Turaeva. All this must be explained by the vowels of the peasants by us. The next day, considering this question at the Zemsky assembly, by a majority, vote the motion of Dr. Turaeva_______705_______,: it was rejected and decided - at Kolotovskiy house. place a zemstvo pharmacy and about a visor, and in ѣ dryakhlovskiy house. transfer the maternity ward from the main building of the hospital. Doctor. Tu raeva remains in her private apartmentѣ.Be this day Turaeva iv. Slobodskogo through Perm, by rail, went to Moscow, and at the same time from Slobodskogo to Deterburg, also went by rail, through Perm - Mikhail Petrovich. Onchukov. Turaeva met him in a carriage when driving from Vyatka to Perm, and told her project. a good maternity hospital in Kolotov’s house, but the government did not agree, and even now has secured it. Zemstvo assemblies, they completely disregard it, and therefore she considers herself insulted and submitting her resignation and leaving all the Slobodsky Zemstvos. m.p. Onchukov from Perm, from the station, five telegrams are delivered to Slobodskaya: A.I. Rossikhin, A.N. Shklyaev, P.A. Vakhrushev, D.A. Bogaevsky and K.L. Kuznetsu vu / manager Aleksandrovav /: "Having read the arguments of Dr. Turaeva, I urge you to re-decide the resolution of the zemstvo assembly, to provide the Kolotovskiy house. A maternity leave, according to the project of Turaeva. Otherwise, she will leave the service in Sloboda Zemstvo." Signed: Michael.In the morning, having come to the Zemstvo assembly, we showed telegrams to one another. Shklyaev say many things: * Rossikhin and Bogaevskago have the same telegram. What do you think, whether to give in to us, to respect Turaev, for the sake of Onchukov’s intercession. * I disgusted that it makes no difference to me, it might be better to place a maternity hospital in such a good, bright home, but I am outraged by the insistence of doctors - to want to command Nagy_______706_______ governing and nad zemsky gathering, and even with the support of the leader, all respected citizen, with threats. “If you give up now to them, you will not be happy, they will always insist on demanding everything that they think about, and therefore, in particular, threatening her, I, on the contrary, will ask you to hold on to the end of the initial decision. The peasants are peasants not to hand over, but how to look at these telegrams by A. I. Rossikhin and you yourself yourself. "Al N. from vtil that A.I. Rossiҳin is also outraged by Turaeva’s persistence and threats, “but I completely agree with your opinion and pass your words to you, and you will speak with F. I. Koysin and the other vowels, the question will most likely not be posed. " Appeared on assembled ie Bogaevskaya and Kuznetsov, recalled A.N. Shklyaev, showed telegrams. He explained to them: “To reconsider the question only if it would make sense, if you could secure the consent of the majority of the vowels for the satisfaction of the motion of Turaeva, but you yourself see the mood of the vowels, you can certainly say that rejecting the motion again, then what happens. Hit it on the cheek , she framed the second - and hit the second one. The full scandal will turn out, and even Onchukov would be scandalized - I wouldn’t want this, and A.I. Russia probably doesn’t decide on this. If you take responsibility for favorable outcome, talk Rita B predsѣ datelem sobranіya AI Rossixinym - maybe ognes on Vas Pona dѣyavshis, put back the Issues. " Bogaevsky said: "I am the first year. I have a vowel, but you are much more experienced than me, if you say so, then I join your opinion, which is pretty much_______707_______ a slap in the face, and there is another best to abstain. "So no one announced the telegram received and the review was sent. Onchukov metro to St. Petersburg, after the collection of Al.N. Shklya, he informed me in detail of the letter, asking him not to one-sidedly, and most importantly, he revealed the behind-the-scenes side of the course of the mystery of Turaeva and Ivanovskago.Upon returning from vacation, the doctor Turaeva filed a refusal of service with the Zemstvo administration and transferred the district zemstvo to A. Vyatsk, A.V. Ivanovskiy, having waited for the next meeting, should have received the next one from the launch and a scientific trip to Pirogovskii congress of doctors from all over Russia. One doctor is selected to travel to this country from the zemstvo zemstvo, and we are allocated 1000 rubles for the zemstvo we collected. This time, almost completely unanimously, they elected Dr. A.V. Ivanovskago, but when they began to run for him an appropriation of 1000 rubles. closed ballot, for the appropriation there were six votes, and against - 9 votes. The result was such a picture - come on, we don’t delay, and we won’t give you anything. When the result of the ballot was announced, Ivanovskiy changed his face, reddened and declared: "I refuse from the post of Zemstvo doctor." He got up from the table, went into the corridorѣ. The other five people of his one-man team followed him into the corridor, whispered, put on fur coats and left the Zemstvo assembly at the Sloboda public club. It was at 2 p.m. The Chairperson calculated the remaining _______708_______ man, and for a legitimate quorum, at least two-thirds of the total composition of the zemstvo assembly, i.e. of the fifteen all members, the meeting should be in session not less than 10 people. Chairman of the meeting A.I. Rossikhin announced that the delay is declared interrupted until 7 o’clock. in the evening. Gathering the evening at 7 o’clock, it turned out only the same 9 people - the law - there is no quorum, can not continue. Rossiҳini consulted with Shkleev what to do. And it was known that the rest 6 so far have been in the club, they have had dinner there, drank tea and continue to sit, shutting themselves in a special room, discussing something.A.I. Rossiҳinѣ called the zemstvo side, sent him to the club to invite the members of the meeting immediately to the meeting. If you don’t blow it in half an hour, then he would close the session of the meeting without finishing the meeting for the coming year and now immediately inform the governor of the telegra fom. After a quarter of an hour, a hundred rye returns, reporting what is coming from or: now, blow it. While the watchman went to the club, A.N. recalls me, Kosin and Zarkin and say: “Let’s eliminate this scandal, give him 1000 rubles, let him do it; we’re already satisfied with morality, but slap him in the face and aggravated it even more, showing greed: he jumped up and felt sorry, I would take away at his place a meeting with the opposite slap in the face, saying that I consider the scientific trip higher than material calculations, and therefore, at my own expense, then the Zemsky assembly would be completely embarrassed before the public mnemnem of the entire province. And now, if we give, then the public many will be against go. " F.I. Koi Xin said, "Peasants - peasants vowels will never agree_______709_______ to give him a thousand rubles, and in my opinion to insist and persuade them and not cost them. "P. Zarkinѣ said:" I share Fedor Ivanovich’s look. "Both went away. A.N. Shklyaev to say:" How are you. I would advise you to give the oval better than 1,000 rubles. "I pointed out that" my opinion is not to give, you have to be persistent to the end. But if you find it useful for the benefit and for the satisfaction of public opinion useful, then I join you. "After 10 minutes, after the watchman came out of the club all the other 6 vowels. Chairman A.I. Rossikhin announces the continuation of the commission. A.N. Shklyaevѣ to take a word from the chairman, refers to Dr. A.V. Ivanovsky: “In the morning after the delivery there was a slight misunderstanding. We dispatched a business trip for the scientific Pirogovsky doctor’s visit, but there was no allocation for this trip. Of course, this is not correct and insensitive for Vasya, but sometimes it’s common I, as the chairman of the Zemstvo Council, ask you to take your refusal to perform the Zemstvo service, and your signature on a business trip is 1,000 rubles. If you agree, we will ask the Chairman of the Zemstvo assembly and all the vowels to re-vote. " Ivanovskiy, apparently, this is expected - distance and unscrewed: "Well, I take my refusal back." A.I. Rossikhin addresses the meeting: “It is more convenient for the meeting members to re-ballot 1,000 rubles for the trip to Dr. Ivanovsky on Pirogovskiy congress.” Keep silent. - "The age of women. I am running for a ballot of 1,000 rubles to Dr. A.V. Ivanovskaya at business trips to Pirogovskiy Szdzd." Silently all. go to the box, run for. It turned out 8 balls for the assassination and 7 opposed. Chairperson A.I. Rossiҳin announces:_______710_______ by a majority. 8 votesѣ against 7, 1000 rubles, allocated on. Thus, with just one vote, it seemed that the incident had been settled. After the meeting A.V. Ivanovskiy left for the train, and while they were driving, he died in Slobodsky city doctor Konstantin Petrovich Kochkin. Upon returning from communication to Slobodskaya, doctors A.V. Ivanovskiy filed with the zemstvo administration the declaration of volume from the rate, i.e. went to the zemstvo service and entered the city. a doctorѣ at the place of Kochkin. At the same time, for various reasons and family reasons, the doctors of the Kholunitsky hospital and the Sokolovsk factory from the hospital left the Sloboda Zemstvo for various reasons and family reasons. So in everything. Slobodsky uѣzdѣ not a single zemstvo doctor was left. The Sloboda Zemstvo Government presented the public with local newspapers and metropolitan newspapers, addressed the general public with doctors, but there was no offer from anywhere. It turned out that when Ivanovsky was at Pirogovsky medical school / at the expense of the Zemstvo /, then in black colors there was salt. Relation of the Sloboda Zemstvo Administration to Doctors. Turaeva both asked him and the companion of doctors to make an unofficial decision to declare the Slobodsky Zemstvo a boycott, so long as there is no change in the council, no doctor should go to the service of the Slobodsky Zemstvo, but he himself. A.V. Ivanov Skіy had a great job as the city doctor of the city of Slobodsky And I in Slobodsky had his own tenement house and private city practice, lived comfortably, comfortably, and for his own pleasure and vanity, he belonged to the district zemstvo. vowel and city vowels, and honorary magistrates. The Slobodsk Zemstvo Government repeatedly appealed to the Bernard Bernard with a request to provide such assistance to doctors_______711_______ ѣ uzdѣ, but everything remained to no avail. On the last three years of this three-year period, Zemstvo is next dressed! E collected A.V. Ivanovskiy, uae not consisting of zemstvo doctors, but remaining zemstvo. vowel’s, please, bring to your charity a nullity about the conflict between him and the Turaeva regional council, which caused them to leave the zemstvo service, apparently encouraged by the comrades of the hospital, since all the others, from E lidarism, left the zemstvo service. Ivanovskiy, like orators, although provincial, speak beautifully and clearly. They were deliberately invited to the audience to listeners - like-minded people, between whom was the wife of a Sloboda city judge, Julia M. Lubnina. At the end of II rѣchi Ivanovskago, speaking half an hour later, Y. Lubnina applauded. But the chairman of the meeting, A.I. Rossi Kin, stopped her, saying that in the Zemsky assembly, the applause was unacceptable. A.N. Shklyaev far away short in those terms five minutes. The meeting decided: the explanation of Dr. Ivanovskago and the leader of the council, Shklyaev, should be taken into account and the incident considered to be completedѣ.At the end of the three-year tribunal, the district, zemstvo assembly of Yana is given the right to elect honorary justices of the peace for three years to participate in the remand of the zemsky commanders and to attend the departmental court of residence: given ѣ uzd. At the same time, it is legal to state that persons no higher than average education can be elected zemstvo assembly only unanimously, and persons with higher education are considered elected who have received only an absolute majority. One of the previous proposals F.I. to blue, choose unanimously, and also A.V. Ivanovskiy, before_______712_______the marching three-year-olds were elected an honorary magistrate.Electing this materially does not give anything, it only grants honor. A person elected by you honorary justices of the peace is considered to be honored. Ot all всего uzd. How would the best face vi uzdѣ. But besides that, since the elective State Duma and elective Zemstvos were members of the State Council, it was legalized that persons with a higher education, having a large land or property qualification, serving at the choice of zemstvo assemblies of at least three three-year candidates are included in the lists for the selection of the provincial. zemstvo. in the state council. In this way. Ivanov is a Skye, having a small property qualification in kind at home, but their higher education, apparently, dreamed of supplementing the qualification with elective services, or the chairperson of the council, but this does not combine 150 with the service of the Zemstvo doctor and is not profitable financially. Or he found that the most convenient for him three three-year-old run for honorary justices of the peace. One three years old from the services. For the current three years, when questions were raised about the election of even justices of the peace, the chairman of the meeting, A.I.Rossikhin, asked all in turn, according to the list. All vowels refuse. The turn came to Ivanovskago, He declares that he will not refuse, agree to run for, because he hoped from an E 15 vote and be sure to get at least 10. They voted; It turned out to be selective and 9 chernyakov. Nobody expected a similar result, because no one agreed on vowels and peasants didn’t warn, and the peasants always elected to all unpaid posts and, on the contrary, tried to vote for any paid service. And here, see -_______713_______Well, they believed that the honorary justice of the peace was an especially large post, which was expensively paid, and in Ivanovskago they were very angry about the boycott of the doctors and put him in full. But, of course, Shklyaev, Rossiҳin, and others conscious, not his like-minded people, put him to the left. All this, of course, Iva Novskiy understood perfectly, and I should have seen for myself that his career with the Zemstvo was over, to calmly move away. But A.V. Ivanov sky did not give up. Six months later, there were new elections vowed by the city and property qualifications. Shklyaev asked me to convey to my uncle Ivan and Il.T. Vakhrushev the invitation to go to the polls, although they themselves will not be balloted, but help to select the best vowels for the next summer. The old people agreed and went. There was a choice of cabbage booths and landowners, and from the city. Including the last and Ivanovo. The resultѣ turned out to be selected: A.N. Shklyaev, A.P. Onchukov / in absentia /, engineer D.D. Bogaevsky, K.P. Kuznetsov, P.A. Plyusnin, M.M. Dyachkov and P.L. Popov. Ivanovskogo scored a lottery surprisingly shortly: from "ten balls" they get only one election, which, apparently, put him either Bogaevsky, or K.P. Kuznetsovyat, and the rest half of it was blackberries. Uncle Ivan Timofeevich Vakhrushev was very resourceful and liked to play a trick. When they left the election meeting, they didn’t ladder down the courtyard next to IIvannon Petrovich. Popov E. Uncle addresses to I.P. and say: "In from Ivan Petrovich, I’m a village man, and even your doctor Odin got the ballot, and you, the townspeople, and your city doctor regretted putting the ball. Well, young people, we’ve tried to save a place for ourselvesE_______714_______ and we, you old people, ate and came to the polls that we ourselves won’t be elected, but to our friends. help get through. So you shouldn’t bother your doctor. "Ivan Petro platunov naively believed that there really must be one ball Ivanov Timofeevich had from Ivanovskogo and calmly rejected:" He has no time to deal with Zemsky affairs, he needs people to heal. Doctors — let the doctor’s doctor know it, for this we, the townspeople, pay him a salary. And there is a zemstvo’s land without it, good people - they’ll manage. ”At that, A.V. Ivanovskago’s career on zemstvo activity finally stopped.On the first year of my trilogy to the Zemsky public, I accidentally got into a conversation with A.N. Shklyaev on account of the presentation of awards to the employees, because it’s three years, c. In 1902, our zemstvo assembly decided to submit to the Order of the Zemstvo Veterinary Doctor Kuchmin Skago for its 35-year-old public service. “But I have heard that 2 awards are presented not only to officials”, but to large factories even workers and rumored manufacturers themselves represent ki at the city with medals. But, as is the case. Can’t we take action, can’t we imagine "awards" at least those who serve more than 25 years. " A.N. Shklyaev advised many, being in. Vyatka, go to the office of the governor, talk on this topic with. Pavlom Nikolaevich Shklyaev, famous that A.N. sent to him.At the very first trip to Vyatka, I went to the clerk’s office. Shklyaev, once said that I was on a private, personal cause, on the advice of Alexei Nikolaevich. Listen to me, Pavel Nicolae1 tg_______715_______Vich asked: “What, you supply supplies to the army. And, it seems, your factories exist for at least fifty years. * I unscrewed:“ Yes, we supply the army, and the factories exist since 1855. ”It’s notes, saying that by the next my request he should prepare a draft of my application, I should bring him an additional note, giving him 5-6 questions and a list of whom I want to introduce and what kind of reward I will give them. Then they sit, in the office, to rewrite, I will kick in and immediately serve the governor. He hopes that to the New Year our employees ie receive medals.The end of three years, i.e. In 1905, I again, in my own way, was a chancellery of the governor. Pavel Nikola evich shklyaev addresses the following question: "You tell me that brother, Alexey, is still a canine with doctors and the 9th month, tormented, sitting without doctors." I reject: “What can I do. Don’t go with a bow. To Ivanovsky and Turaeva. All the people are accepted, you know that support and the governor were forgiven, but to no avail, even the governors didn’tI didn’t have any power. ”Pavel Nikolaevich waved his hand:“ Our governors are not decisive and weak-minded. I warned him that he and himself could suffer through such doctors, but nothing was done. Is it possible that Vasya didn’t find a man? a dozen ordinary literate people cross Yang to submit the letter to the Minister of Internal Affairs that you are leaving for 9 months of doctors, on the occasion of a boycott arranged by the doctors, and the population suffers, not having the opportunity to use medical care. "I dismiss:" If necessary, then I I will sign such a petition and collect 10-20 signaturesha_______716_______peasants of different volosts of the district, at least from our voices today. P.N. Shklyaev thought and said: “Yes, it’s probably my best. Sit down for 10 minutes, I’ll print the telegram to you on the mail. You will bring Slobodskaya tomorrow, there are five volosts signed but two people and the other day “Vyatka - send a telegram from Vyatka.” Compose and send a telegram to me. I showed it to Slobodskoy Alexey Nikolayevich Shklyaev. Last said: “I didn’t want to run this much — not only doctors E, but also the governor would fly in. nt I don’t protest - they started, so just advise me not to offer P.R. Zarkin, as a member of the council appointed by the governor, and you c. F.I.Koysi nym will collect 10 signatures - and that’s enough. “You did it. 10 people wrote under them, keep silence and keep secret.” The next day I sent telegrams from Vyatka to St. Petersburg, the Minister of the Interior signed by the peasants Slobodsky ѣ hut, Ot five volosts.A week later, again I went to Vyatka, I went to the office of the governor, to Paul Pavel N. Shklyaev. He, having closed the entrance door to his office, gives me a chance to read one telegram from Peterburg addressed to Vyatsky by the Governor Levchenko: “On what basis was criminal activity committed - a boycott of the doctors’ actions. Nine months. Sloboda’s detention remained without a trace of You haven’t taken action. Telegraph - those required for Slobodsky doctors - to be sent by courier from St. Petersburg. I suggest you resign. Durnovo. "Potom II.N. Shklyaev shows many copies of the pubisFROM"_______717_______Torah to Minister Durnovo: "I ask you to authorize yourself to come to St. Petersburg to give an explanation. Governor. Levchenko." Then a new telegram from St. Petersburg to the governor: "I’ll deliver Peter Burg, but my decision is unchanged. Durnovo."Pavel Nikolayevich about the power to tell this only to Alexei Nikolayevich and not to tell anyone more. A week later, the governor. Levchenko handed over the governorship of the governor to her, vice governor, Natoru Szydlowski, and sir with his family and all property. at. Petersburg .. It’s the same time in. The Slobodsky Zemstvo began to receive declarations of doctors who want to enter the post of Zemstvo doctor at hospitals in the city of Slobodsky or you are leaving. Immediately all free vacancies and fillings of doctors and women were filled in all three hospitals of the Sloboda district.My application for the award of employees of our plant, two years before the departure of Governor Levchenko, went to Peter Burg.A week later, the new governors of Khomutov were through Vyatka two years ago, but he was not Vyatka for more than one year, at the end of the Japanese war. When he was in Vyatka receiving the manifesto of the establishment of the State Duma and the State Council with people's representatives, Day two after the publication of the manifesto of the manifesto, you came to Vyatka from Moscow agitator, with the whole Sobolev. For two days the incendiary rallies spoke from the balcony of the provincial zemstvo council, and the third elements of the zemstvo, i.e. office clerical and zemsky institution, they hired, invited the public - the inhabitants of the city and accidentally passed their shih from ouzdov: peasants to rallies, listen to the speeches of Moscow_______718_______Skago speaker. Everyone stood near the balcony of the provincial council and listened to the explanations of the declared freedom and the socialist program. But most of the inhabitants of the city, mainly with the former city head Ivan. Alexandrovichem Sukhov and bidding seven harmony Sintsov, set patriarchal - monarchical. On a bazaar day, when a lot of people gather in the city, the initiative group with their monarchical views arranged a solemn prayer in the square against the cathedral and afterwards the procession was held throughout the city. When the godfather ҳodӣ reached the corner of Moskovskaya Street, on the corner of the street stood 2-3 young men, intelligently dressed, in hats. They did not take off their hats when icons, banners and the clergy passed by them. Someone among the audience following the clergy, someone shouted: "Take off those hats that you are not Christians or something. * They rejected:" Christians, but don’t want to take off, now there’s freedom, and you are fooling with prayers the dark people are still in the old habit. "From the crowd following the procession they ran up to him two, grabbed their hats and threw them on the sidewalks, and again went after the godmother. The remaining hats. They lifted their hats and grabbed it by stone, cobblestone , they threw in those who took off their hats. Then five people separated from the number of those walking, but They were up to a dozen, and they urged us to beat those who threw stones, but they didn’t go away: after throwing the stones, they ran from Moskovskaya Street to Spasskaya Street to the numbers of Chuchalov’s Stinnitsa, who had just been resubmitted. the human being is already increasing to a hundred. The persecutors rushed into the Chu Chalov's hotel and filled in the door. The crowd saw where they were running away. Who_______719_______ I shouted from the crowd: "They are, realist, socialists, who are from Moscow with an agitator. Sobolevsky. He is in this same guest in - to come to terms." They tried the door to the hotel - locked. Stones and cobblestones flew through the windows, and within 1/4 hour in the Ex Еx three floors of the hotel, not a single glass was left in the windows facing the Spasskaya Street along the facade. The police appeared, but all the bombers, submit their business, apparently, realized that they went too far - got excited, did something wrong. They went away in pursuit of the procession of the Cross. The procession of walking along Moskovskaya Street came to Vladimіrskaya Street, turned left on Vladimirskaya Street, silk to Semenovskaya Street, along Semyonovskaya Street to Alexandrovskaya Square, the Cathedral returned to Kazan. Against Shchuko’s house, the men defeated the Jewish pharmacy Katznelson, caught a sheared hyena 18 year old Grekova, sister-in-law of officer Zykov, but she was interceded by an eighth-grade guy, the son of engineer Yasinsky. Guys of demonstrators killed this schoolboy. Police appeared, called through the governor's military unit, which dispersed all the demonstrators, or, on the contrary, the perpetrators broke up and hid. There was a prosecutor’s inquiry, but no malevolence was ascertained. Of course, none of the prominent prominent peasants or urban self-government took part in the bombing, and all this was taught by Neil youth, artisans and peasants, who were in the bazaar, fans if you consider blasphemy or great offense, do not remove your hat in front of the icon. This incident did not end in nothing, but there was a human sacrifice - unify the young gymnasium. It seems that no one was attracted to responsibility. The governor_______720_______was brought to the attention of Minister Durnovo. BE resultѣ it turned out that soon the governor Khomutov was transferred to V. Kazan, which was considered to be an increase, and you Vyatka were appointed energetic governors and very decisive, Prince Sergey Dmi - trievich Gorchakov.Personally, my activity, as a provincial public council during the first three years, was not particularly distinguished. I carefully attended all the meetings of the zemstvo assembly, as well as the meetings and the folding commission. The Chairperson of the Commission was first l. Romanov, and then engineer, D.A. Bo gaevskіy. The secretary obligation to the commission was borne alternately by all the members of the commissions, consisting of vowels, and therefore it was necessary to sometimes manage the duties of the secretary and write down all motivations and decrees dictating to the chairman. The last many served self-interest: in men.developed the habit of writing in detail and, byopportunities, briefly the essence of the matter. Milking illiteracy and grammar didn’t mean anything, for the reports of the commission are purely pure. checked by the secretary of the administration of Smolin Al and reprinted on typewriter in the office, then all grammatical errors were corrected.On the very first three years I was elected: on the members of the military presence of the І-th section of the Sloboda district; c) members of the disclosure of presence to the tax inspector of the 1st folding monitor are present in the town of Slobodsky; members of the college of the Council of Public Schools; members of the district eparchial school council of parish schools; members of the guardianship from ѣta Sloboda female gymnasium; members of trustees with_______721_______Veta Sloboda City College; As the trustees of the Assumption Zemstvo school, and you, when this school was expanded into a two-year ministerial school, I was elected an honorary guardian of this school. Still, I was chosen to be in charge of television_E BE for several Zemstvo schools near the town of Slobodsky, now I can’t even list all the other schools. As a member of the school council, I annually examined the zemstvo school: in Russia, BE in the village of Voznesensko-Vakhrushev, in the village of Volkovo, in the village of Uspenskoye, in the village of Sitnikovs and others. As a member of the regional eparchial school from the Council, we also visited each year to attend church and parish schools in the villages of Spasskoye, Volkovo and at my place, on the whole Vakhrushevo. I invited almost to all the exacles. CE is the father of Deacon Ark D. Ivanovich Karakulin. 1104 to the examiner, in a joint voice. But in each school, the examiner helps: the local teacher and law teacher, but the right to voteprovided exclusively to the examiner. Teachers and forThe teacher teachers loved me as an examiner: I always chose easy topics for dictation, easy tasks for arithmetic for all four rules of the school, set for elementary schools, and gave a lot of oral arithmetic tasks to see for myself how quick or dumb the exam is to think уюцційсі student. According to the Law of Bohiju, a local law teacher is examined, or else he will come with me from Deacon Haraku Line, and then I will ask E-2 questions additionally, and without asking me, I will ask more questions. fives and fours. After the exam is all over. where I congratulated students on the brilliant completion of the course and onray of certificate and credit cardsѣ, gave to students_______722_______ personally repay yourself award money for gingerbread cookies and nuts. By the windows - Chan II, in almost every school I was invited to a cup of tea and a cake by a teacher or law teacher - I will be accompanied by my appraiser. Dyakonova A.I. Marakulin E. Although it was boring for the last time, it is not convenient to refuse, it offends the visitor and undermines their authority, because it is believed that the substitutes remained somewhat dissatisfied. The examiner is always invited to the exam, as an honorary member of the examination commission, a right to a positive vote, the trustee of this school. I strictly observe this order, 2-3 days before the exam, disambiguating the supervisor. About 11 days on the exam. At the same time, I asked her to invite the school trustee to the exam, but the trustees never came. Personally, as a member of the Sloboda City College, annually I received an invitation to take part in the examinations, as a trustee and as a member of the school council, I’m presided by the inspector, I only refused to take part in the exams once, and the rest of the time I refused.every year, upon completion of exams, the school councilgive out everything, finish andthree-year courses, graduation certificatetelstvo - to certify, and very many EME are issued meritoriousverses or books, for one school council. The office of the teacher is a teacher’s council, send in advance correspondence over the letters, the inspectors are the first to sign, then all, or at least two members of the school council and teachers. Such signatures have to be given 5-6 thousand copies. Usually, the college council members took home with them, as many as they wanted, trying less. But the first time I willingly took alleleven_______723_______ the remaining, sometimes more than half, and their arbor sometimes in themselves sometimes a month, signing a few hundred sheets daily. or a book, and then returned it to the inspector. The last prepro was in command of the school; there, the teacher and teachers also signed the law, which were distributed by students in the fall who completed the course. It was also reported at the E Diocesan School No.: Council, so that many had to sign certificates, Commendations and award books issued by the DiocesanPEcollegestizi,In all of the above E elected positions, I was re-elected every three years, while I was a vowel, almost until the moment of revolution. When the fiftieth church parish school was celebrated, all members of the Diocesan Schools received monarchy awards, specially issued then medals for diligence on the Alinensky ribbon - medals for carrying the chest. I received such a medal. Around the same time I received a silver medal of the Red Erest, with a standing member. Vyatskago gave away the Red Cross.Otd of the first zemstvo zemstvo of the first three years, I was elected zemstvo !! it was sold to the city for settlement of taxes due to arrears. Then, instead of Gromozov, I was elected unanimously and was re-elected annually to the provincial vowels, while I was the vowel of the district council until the revolution. Consisting of the first two years by the provincial vowels, under the governors: Levchenko and Khomutovѣ, I just looked closely, under the leadership of FIKoisin and Alexei Nick.ll klyaev._______724_______ Before the opening of the provincial assembly I opened, according to the advice of A.N. Shklyaeva, on behalf of Vyatka on the eve, and together with Al.N. Shklyaev went on a visit to the chairman of the provincial congregation, Vasily Alexandrovich Shubin. Al.N. Shklyaevі recommended me V.A. Shubin. The last asked: "What, e liberal viewsѣ." I did not have time to turn off anything, like Alex Nick. Shklyaev hastened to say: “Oh, for this boxI’m sure that by no means are they liberal. ”When we left VA Shubin, I asked AN Shklyaev:“ What does this mean: liberal or non-liberal views. * He explained: “Liberals call themselves left, sympathizing with the revolutionary political direction, or else they are called progressists, and conservatives are called the right-wing party, sympathizing with the monarchical mood. "Just how much I was not experienced in politics at the time - thirty-five years is not different. a word: liberals and conservatives. The last two years of my participation in the provincial zemstvo councils, I can’t recall any outstanding fact that I should have noted, except for the following: Only when I came for the first time, A.N. Shklya introduced me to to the former member of the provincial council, Nikolai Petrovichѣ Saltykov, saying that the new vowel of the provincial zemstvo was from Slobodsky, instead of Gromozov - P.A. Vakhrushev. N.P. Saltykov quickly shook my hand and said: “It’s very nice, double not from last year. But still it’s good, God willing, let’s work more if we are alive. I know that you don’t go alone, but you’ll always be followed by friends, especially peasants. "I ask A.N. Shklyaev:_______725_______ "What does it mean. What do they design. * A.N. Shklyaev rejected: “This is an old and shelled wolf, and perhaps the most experienced, knowledgeable Zemstvo man was better off here, in the province. 2 vote in all likelihood, Kon. Iv. Gromozov went against him, trying to become a member of the council himself. But, of course, you yourself are not interested in running for him, he and you would be able to attract a few votes among the peasants. " About the first year in the provincial zemsky assembly, I was convinced that NP galtykov knew the zemstvo better than all; in front of him, during the meeting of the zemstvo assembly, there was a high pile of bones, laws of the zemstvo position, with gaskets. A little bit of a controversial question, he always appears to protest, with reference to the law, and then take the book from the table and read this law, which amazed everyone, but I, as a beginner, in particular. I went to the bookstore of the provincial zemstvo to buy the zemstvo provision. It turned out that there was a thread. I asked to be discharged. After a few months. The book zemsky warehouse got many of St. Petersburg a complete set of laws. land scapo position - 3 or 4 books. Having received, I didn’t read much, but I see that for this you need to be a lawyer, to understand the laws, but many of them are absolutely not helpful. So these laws were with me and lay in the archiveѣ. S N.P. The Saltykovs were no longer destined to work on zemstvo activity, since he died two months after this meeting in the eyes of the eye.In the first three years I began to serve as a provincial. voice_______726_______only since the second year, after the release of K. I. Gromozov. The provincial government was already organized before me, it consisted of: elected chairman Leonid Viktorovich Yemashev, assistant. Sarapulsk uzda, with a higher education, who served in elections to the zemstvos, the second or third tribute. Members of the provincial government: Vladimir Kirillovich. Klyucharyov, vowel of the Vyatka zemstvo | the son-in-law of the former Oryol chairman of the congress Antashev Skago /, with higher education; 2nd: Alexander Antipievich. Bulychev, Orlovskiy mѣschanin, with an education of the city school; 3rd: the townspeople of the city of Glazov, change and I do not remember his last name. In this, they had left political views and belonged to the Cadet political party, then called the party of people's freedom. The entire Zemstvo of the Vyatka province of those three years was considered the most progressive and advanced: throughout Russia, the Vyatka was considered on the second place. The first advanced Zemstvo was considered Tver, and the second - Vyatka. The outstanding provincial vowel, as the best orator, was Kalmysh, a former vowel, governed by Aleksandrov, Ivan Niki - forovich. Ovchinnikov, with higher education, belongs to the political party cadet. Zat тожеm, also a very good speaker, Elabuzhsky vowel, a fellow and a glass-maker, Sergey Alexandrovich Shishkov, with a higher education, political views - cadet,During this three-year period, a Sunday was held on Sunday of the All-Russian Congress of Chairpersons of Provincial Governments to discuss economic zemsky issues. From the Vyatka province to this этотzdil, due to the provincial zemstvo, L.V. Yumashev._______727_______On this occasion, a resolution was worked out so that the nearest provincial congregation of the entire provincial zemstvo would appeal, like a private address, by telegram to the Emperor with a request for free speech, to remove the middle ground, to bring closer representatives to the people. Yumashev brought this in accordance with the above, set out in eleven points, in connection with the provincial assembly. I acquainted my like-minded people, members of the provincial assembly, who asked Ivan Nikiforovich Ovchinnikov to draw up an address - a telegram to Gos I give to Emperor Nicholas II. They showed this telegram to official persons - to some of the chairmen of the congress and to the voice of the monarchist direction, asking them to support the address being accepted unanimously, but wavering to give them the right not to come in this day, or to remain at the government office during this day. as if by need. Indeed, of the eleven members of the bodies, there were only two: Vyatsky and Sarapulsky, and the vowels, old, experienced: Kotelnichesky, Dmitriy Lavrentyevich Rogarinov, Nolinskiy - P.P. Pestrikov and Slobodskaya - F.I.Koy blue, during the break, having learned that immediately after the break will be announced, there were only 15-20 minutes to the corridor or buffet.Ilo renewed ambush, Iv.N. Ovchinnikov, having taken word of the chairman of the meeting, V.A.Shubin, made the proposal to submit to the Emperor the telegram of the address, made by the editorial office, by the initiative group. On behalf of the presenter, the announcement of the composed telegram, all eleven points,_______728_______ requesting to be adopted unanimously. Chairman of the meeting V.A. Shubin announced: "I am running for a ballot: who agrees to receive telegrams from the editorial office proposed by the initiative group of vowels and announced by the vowel. IV Ovchin nikovѣ, I ask you to stay on the floor to sit down, and who do not agree - transfer to this editors - I propose to get up. " First steel Alec sik Nick. Shklyaev. I sat next to him, and although the essence of the business was bad, I immediately got up and saw that the chairmen of the meeting, V.A. Dubin and Sarapulsky Chairman of the Church of Patashevsk. Ivan N. Ovchinnikov, sitting with his back to many, looking zero, waves. With one hand and you half-voice say: "Sit, sit down? Those." And behind us, including the public, was an employee of the Zemstvo institutions, with three hundred and say: "Look, with these sticks all four of them should be inflated."Chairman V.A. Shubin announced: "The telegram - addressed to the Emperor, was accepted by the Zemsky assembly by a majority of all against four votes." They recorded it and sent it through the governor and through the minister of internal affairs.Illegal of this telegram the meeting was closed to this day and the chairman of the meeting B.Al.Shubin himself took the telegram to the governor. The public began to worry, who regretted that it had not passed unanimously, who reassured that it would not be of great importance. D.L. Gogarinov and F.I. Some blue people turn to me: “You didn’t know the contents of the telegram, and if you don’t agree, why didn’t you come with us? I denied that I knew nothing and no one warned me, but about A.N. Shklyaev I do not know, warned Eric whether he is, but he is the first to stand up against this editorial office, and I’m all_______729_______where I agree with him. Gogarin again saidѣ: "Of course, for those who are in public servicesѣ, the editors of these eleven * commandments are unacceptable, and if I knew that you would be * opposed, then I would not leave, or I was afraid that I alone "there isn’t enough civil courage to speak out against everyone alone, although I’m a peasant, a poor peasant." b.i.koїt - blue also expressed regret that he had gone to the corridors without consulting with A.N. Nіklyaev. and with me. But what is done cannot be returned.The next day, it turned out that V.A. Shubin, handing over the legrams to the governor, reported that they did not allow the proposal of this telegram to be submitted, but the majority of the meetings needed it - they submitted and announced it against his wishes, and therefore he composes the duties of the chairman of the provincial assembly for the current session.At the same time, they announced the governor’s prescription that V.A. Shubin, the next in seniority is appointed as the chairman of the provincial zemstvo assembly of the current session. Palashevskiy V.A. Elubinom changed their nests. The ambition continues, but nervously and without, with a rather respectful attitude to the new Chairman Patashevsky. On the evening of II Atashevsky said that he too would refuse. On the next day, the Zemstvo assembly appears and sits down on the previous seat of the stranger with an order. Vladimіra v loopitsѣ, the second statutory state council. Surname, I don’t remember him, and what kind of office the manager - I also don’t remember now. Invites all members of the meeting to take revenge. AnnouncedfromF1_______730_______ the governor’s prescription: due to the assistance of the Patashevskogo, she is a significant representative of the assembly of the provincial zemstvo for this current session, such ... * I declare the meeting open ”. When strictly observing the queues, he doesn’t at all say too much without touching the report. Somehow, he cut off the voice of S.A. Shishkov, not letting him finish the expressed opinion on the report; they provided a different word Shishkov’s strength. When Shishkov’s last message was finished, Tsikov stood up, wanted to speak again, but the chairman of the assembly cut him off: “the word belongs to the recorded queue, and I’ll erase two more, and I will write Vasya to the 4th queue.” Reach the queue again to s. A. Shishkova, he gets up and says: "I’m a Zemstvo vowel, already three years, I have a Zemstvo experience — I know how to behave and I know that I can speak in a Zemstvo assembly freely and officially, and every word of the vowel is recorded in the protocol, for every word we are distracted by the entire province of zemstvo payers, and I’m not used to being cut off for half a word. the Moscow payer. " Hotly, the force of the former in his hand is a pencil for that and that. / It should be noted that all three of these days, allotted to the public for places to go to the choir, to go up to the choirs and to the windows, are crowded with the public, and mainly Zemstvo, the third. element, i.e. employees of zemstvo institutions. The audience applauded Shishkov all over the shaft._______731_______ The chairman of the meeting stood up, rang the bell and shouted: “The applause of the audience in the Zemsky meetings is not acceptable. For indecent behavior from the audience, I ask you to leave and clean the hall.” Whistles, meow, booing began to hit the audience, banging with sticks and heels about the floor. The chairperson of the meeting to ring the bell, to call order, the members of the meeting to sit, look at the chairperson, then at the noisy audience, and the chairperson of the council, Emashevt, smiles, bear his shoulders and say: “I can’t do anything like that, I will remove them mass. You have aggravated, Bn and dy stand, as you know. " The audience does not calm down, the scandal continues, the noise andR 14Whistling E..The chairman of the provincial assembly picks up his documents | cops in a briefcase, get up, and leave quickly. Most of the books rushed after him with meowing and whistles, and someone slapped him on the flats. Having rushed out into the street, the chairperson took the cab and ѣahal to the governor. After 15 minutes, call VA to the governor. Shubina and Patashevskago.All leave the vowels, members of the meeting, rebelled CE revenge, went to the provincial government, not knowing what to do - whether to go home or wait for the meeting to continue. You. moreover, that the break is not declared and is not appointed when the next appointment. Another hour and a half pass, we all remain in vain. We consulted, decided to go to the governordelegation from the provincial assembly with a request: what to do. Sit still waiting, or break up. They elected to go to delegations: Yumashev, as the chairman of the provincial council, one representative of the county zemstvo council, and one provincial voiceі_______732_______ nago peasant. Delegates appeared to the governor. The last, after hearing it, asked Min to wait five to wait in the middle. Five minutes later, send the Sarapulsky Chairperson of the Congress Pa Tashinsky and announced to the delegates "that the governors should be asked to let all members of the meeting disperse home today and get together at nine o'clock tomorrow, as always. Moreover, I added on my own behalf: “The governors insist that I take over the chairmanship until the end of the current session, but I won’t allow the public to protect the provincial government. But I find it to be a world scandal. The governors are hesitant and ready to resolve public, but raise my responsibility, I, in turn, appeal to Vam, Leonid Viktorovich, and for the next morning I will appeal to the entire provincial assembly at the Zemstvo, that I accept the presidency conditionally, that I unanimously guarantee that nothing like that the same will be repeated and all due respect will be given to the duties of the chairperson until the end of the current session and, of course, with two ryah open, that is, the public will be admitted without any restrictions. " L.V. Imashev stated: “I personally give this guarantee to you from all the provincial governments. But you will ask for the whole meeting tomorrow, and we, being present, hope that the provincial zemstvo assembly will unanimously assure you of full submission and respect to all the legitimate actions of yours, as before the governor of the provincial assembly. But, the next day, everything went quietly, scandal, as it did, the audience appeared, but not as usual. The session continued happily and was completed shortly. on the following year V.A.li ubin and Patashevskiy, for the term of service, came from -_______733______________734_______machine adaptations, for Poludnitsyn 30 years to serve at the Distillery and Brewery, could not know what is necessary for tanning production. I pointed out to him what many people liked and what our friends approved of us and from what they had to guard how. It is out of date. For example, earlier at the tanneries of old factories, even from the steam appliance, the bark was pounded with heavy wooden pestles with iron cuts at the ends, and the latest, the latest device, almost everywhere, with which it was beaten and corroded with garbage grinders, silt is more expensive, but it takes up a lot less space, noise during operation is less, steam power is required less, daily productivity is 3-4 times more, and the quality of the crushed bark is even, uniform znѣe.Prіkhav. BE 14 to Moscow, Pavel Fedorovich, we got the rest and we were lucky to inspect the plantar backwater of the partnership Likhai la Khemochkina sons, mainly. to look there at them. a steam wool-washing machine, which the eldest owner, Ivan Ali khaylovich and glasses for himself showed and praised, but he really washed well, but very cumbersome, took up a large body and required a lot of water. We recognized it as unsuitable for our tanneries. Such a machine is good for special large wools with cloth for bricks, and our backwater is, comparatively, for such a machine aal. Inspecting in this way several plants, we made a note that we needed first and foremost, and that after. We went to Myasnitskaya, smell of a lot of shops selling cars, warehouses, and offices. Finally, stopping at you_______735_______ the design of the steam boiler of the newest system was ordered by steam. Half-day took a copy of the boiler drawings, at exact times, to prepare, according to ethics, before mine, the boiler and the machine room. We bought a new cutter at Myasnitsky Korye, and the crusher - disintegrators and spare rosettes were discharged from Germany, from Frankfurt am Main, from the factory of Hen Usa, according to the illustrated catalog, only one time iffrov was indicated. Then Paul Ed. by vel nasѣ at the old yard-warehouse KE n.d. Klyuyev in Zavnoskvorѣchѣ, v Sadov Nikakh. There Iloludnitsyn pick up all the transmissions; shafts, Pulleys, cogwheels, finned batteries for heating, iron tanks for cold and hot water, replacement in one of the tanks for heating and a steam water pump for pumping water into tanks. All this was bought from Yelyuyev 2-3 times cheaper, because of the new price list. They bought good, but not new, grinding and drilling machines from him. They sent it in small haste, along the railroad to Vyatka, via Samara-Ufa-Chelyabinsk-1 Perm - the most necessary in the first place, and all the rest, more cumbersome, heavy, sent in the spring on the first steamboats, through Nizhny Novgorod. By that time, the steam boiler had already arrived, and the disintegrators-crusher came from Germany from Den from USA.In Moscow, we are in I.N. Toludnitsynin celebrated the wedding of Alexei Pavlovich, who graduated from the Church of St. John the Baptist, on Pyatnitskaya Street, near the Chugunnago bridge. Entrance was chic, according to the merchant traditions of Moscow, with a cathedral proto deacon and a cathedral and church. After the wedding, all the carriages had gone and weed a special wedding house that was hired to celebrate the wedding, with all the serving, footmen and a musician_______736_______for meals and meals for a certain person, only their own fault. For this, it is adapted that the tenant is given a locker room next to the dining room. Pavel Fed. The father of the Spruce - Seyev ordered to serve all the necessary wine from the room, according to the account, and made up this room, locked it, and handed the key to the employee Pavel Fedorovich, Alexander Alek. Balabaev. [[the last night I waited for the receipt to let the lackeys go, and each time I demanded that they empty the bottles back, strictly making sure that the wines were uncorked and went on so, rather than being blown away. When leaving the church, after leaving, they left the church to the wedding house in front, and after them, newly married and guests, former at the ceremony, left for the carriage. When boarding guests in carriages, it was not prudently organized: someone in about four had eaten in a carriage at 2 or 3; Yai Poludnitsyn remained - nowhere to sit. Wedding train in the carriage. We took a cab and drove to the address indicated in the invitation cards. But the cabman got a bad one, he was jogging, and riding a good trotter huffed fast. On the occasion of a private home, guests met a marching band brass band. All the guests and the newlyweds in the big hall stood in circles. Іio finished іі music ѣѣѣ concert concert ferret cathedral. Almost before the end of the concert I passed. Ivan. Nick., And Pavel Fedorovich is worried about why Poludnitsyn and me left, and where we went — didn’t we leave the church for the apartment, believing that we had the address of the wedding house. A. A. Balaba called up Eve, ordered someone to send us a carriage for an apartment and if we could drive ourselves, but we did this moment. Balaba ev saw us in the front, pity for me, say: "Go_______737_______those, please, soon to the hall, Pavel Fed. very waves! Seeing nasa, Pavel F. had fun and calmed down. The ball was 10 merchants, chic. We had supper in the morning. Before dinner, they danced and drank a lot; Guests were so many BBC obѣihі hand, by the fact that vѣ oskvѣ, ukupechestva, decided to invite svad bu si obѣih not only from his family but also his friends torgovym dѣlam. Man og_ya weddings pay more dearly each for their guests. Show one list to another one hundred people are invited, another 60 or 70. It is proportional to pay, but it also happens that it was at the expense of one henich or oti bride. As Alexey Pavlovich had, I do not know and did not get. Two days after the wedding, we are with. Ivan N. Poludnitsyn and his dad left for a quick home, in order to get to the steamer to get to Vyatka. Apollina Riya Alekseevna didn’t wait for the wedding with Alex Pavlovich, because she didn’t have time to recover after her healthOra, and I was breastfeeding him, I had to take this trip from E21 to Moscow with a good woolen cloth for a dress, a large double-woolen downy gray blanket and two single beds, also worn loose, downy ..In the middle of the wedding, we decided to go to Tusks in a bathhouse. I’ve taken Dad and Poludnitsyn’s to the Sandukov baths, the best to Moscow, which have just been opened. We went to the general male noble separation, 50 kopecks each. from. man. We climbed into the meeting room, look - a luxurious finish, CE molded ceilings with gilding, chic electric chandeliers, red de reva s velvet sofas, gilded, shone round and round. I came to these baths in the first slot and got a little fussed - whether_______738_______ Hall He took off his jackets, and then, until I undressed, I looked around to ask someone. But dad and Poludnitsyn almost completely undressed, then they saw that I was sitting, I didn’t undress, they were frightened and asked me: “What are you going to do, where are you brought. Didn’t you joke about us. usѣ zatatsil. * During this time, I saw that you were washing away, where you are, you are our naked man, you are hanging out, and going to the couch to get dressed, I see that there are mistakes, saying: “Quiet, calm down, see - stink naked you are; I thought at first I was here to shave, and therefore I hung around, did not undress, but if you please - quickly undress, let's gowash, and shave afterwards. "Our children began to study in Vyatka: the first year, daughter Zhenya was in a dormitory for a female gymnasium, at full tansion, and her son Vikentiy was in preparatory grade 145. Real School; daughter Dela and son Kolya prepared, studied with home teacher Nina Nikolaevna Leontyeva, who ate and lived with Vyatka for a few years, followed the lessons of all those who went to school, and studied - taught those who had not yet gone to school. The eldest daughter, Navya, was only one year old in a pan-high school, and then she lived with everyone else in the apartment under the supervision of Al teacher N.N. Leontieva and others. The teacher and the manager always reportedly managed the household and the cash desk, and in the kitchen, raising her control, the cook cooked. The first 2-3 years we rented an apartment for children in the second half of the middle floor, from Alexey Alexandrovich Rukavishnikov, after one year in the house of Alexei Anisimovich Elabukov’s heirs on Spasskaya Street, on the lower floor. Then the sea tawan lived_______739_______ the teacher (Gorodnikova, who turned out to be ownerless, ordered to deliver a mincoat of cereals from the store of A.A. Kazenin and put down the coal in the back of the piano. Her father began to visit her daily, which she treated every day. With meals. All it aroused all her children against her, and they just complained to the teacher about her mother, Aplolinarі Alexey, that they had no order at all, the real res audience, nobody was obeying the teacher, then Agollinariya Alekseevna immediately dismissed Ogorodniko wu and invited the teacher Mariya Nikolaevna kaverzneva. The next year the apartment was taken into the house of V.N. Ryazantsev, in the outbuilding, in the lower ethan, next to the rooms. It was very close to the provincial zemstvo council, and during the zemstvo meetings I gathered Fedor Ivan Koy Sin. Often, almost daily, came to their apartment for breakfast. Then we got over, took the apartment to the house of the widow of Alexey Alekseyevich Elabukov, on {{Oskovskaya street, in the outbuilding, in the courtyard, on the 2nd floor . In this apartment we are hee hee 8 or 10 years old. All of us and our children, while studying, were quartered by teachers in Vyatka BE this home. There was no chance for our company’s clerk, Pav. Serr Kolbin, but for Vasya Sokovnin for receiving and sending goods from the railway, and back to the factory, for shipment by rail. For commercial and commercial purposes, the apartment of the post-Japanese War, i.e. from. 1905 year with our plants was soy dinene telephone.Gradually, the older children grew up and finished the course, and the younger ones, ie, reached the school age, began to study in the same apartmentѣ first at the teacher’s home, and _______740_______were given in gymnasium or real. Thus, Valentina and Boris began to study in the same apartment. In 1904, the October Revolution was born with us, the youngest son of Valeryan. When Yura and ValeryANE did not reach the school age, they began to study with a home teacher in Elabukovsky street, on 1s Skovskaya street, then they moved to Spasskaya street in the house - first Bashmakova Alek. Vas., In the outbuilding, next to the house. A.II. Dolgushi - on, and then in the house of the youngest Ivan you. Rylov, in the outbuilding, and finally, I bought a house in the name of Apollinariy Aleksevna, formerly Mikhail Arsentyevich IIѣstov, against у Shuravin, on Preobrazhenskaya Ulitsa, for 1,500 rubles, after renovating it a thousand by 5. and below were the clerks of the IS. Al, Zubarev and Yves. Kropachev, for re-shipment of goods. Also, when we went to Vyatka, we always stayed or slept in our apartments, and then went to our house.Having returned from Moscow from the wedding of Alexei Pavlovich in the autumn of the year 1,902, I began to procure materials - brick, stone, etc. For the construction of a corpus mustache for machine building to the factory. The plan, according to the dimensions E, given by the mechanic. V.N. Polud Nitsyn, drafted and approved through the governorate the new government, through the construction department, architect Ivan Apollonovich. Cha ruin. In the early spring of 1904, masons of the si demyanka, D.N. Kolotov put on a contract and built a building for the machine building department. At the same time, the first steamboats brought from Moscow a steam boiler and everything we bought during the wedding of Alexei Pavlovich, for the installation of central steam heating plant emitting passwords, as well as for leather manufacturing: transmissions, water tanks, etc., also came from GermanyITLE_______741_______Nii machine for crushing Korya - disintegrator ..During the winter I.N. Half-day with the locksmith I. A. Khlѣz nikovy finally repaired. Alexander car. I prepared cast-iron castings in the Kholunitsky factory% for washing drums and for tochakov, and through my local carpentry we made the wooden parts of the drums and topchak, we put everything together cleanly and finally prepared for production. When I was building it was more complicated, not slowly the steam boiler, 110 drawings sent from L iloskva to a boiler, Kolotov put on it. Having made the foundations, set up the car and the disintegrator, put everything in place, and in the middle installed ribbed batteries. The cement and tile parquet flooring of our product, prepared in advance, arrived at our bus shelters. First of all, k І Julia month, they started to use a bark cutter with a crusher. When we saw the brilliant results, we continued with greater energy the further arrangement of the machine adaptations of the factory. In the autumn, all the mechanical equipment of the lower floor of the plant was completed, and the central heating throughout the plant was completed. Total up to 24s. Parfenovі! - Chami, arranged for a general accountant, we bought something for ourselves and moved it to the factory yard by placing the sidewalk on the left side of the tract to the factory, in the middle of the distance between the tract and the factory. Raise this length summed up the stone floor BE I ž soot. high. In the middle ethan temporarily placed - in one half of the mechanics Poludnitsyn, and in the other half - accountant M.II. Ivanov. All spring this year, Pavel Fedorovich spoke about the house at the factory, reinforced but troublesome buildings, which they were big_______742_______ a resident, and on purpose, for this purpose, he went home alone from Moscow without a family, and on the 21st of October there was already a bargain ғ Aleksey Pavlovich аль oval ѣ ѣ Ив Дмит Дмит Дмит Дмит емь Ivan Dmitrievich and Alexander Alekseyevich. Balabaev / last and last on delivery of shoe products. BE Warden's warehouses / ..at our place we have both leather factories producing 21la at the expense of Stepanov Fedorovich. The office, as before, remained in the house of Stepan Fedorovich. We are smiling. Fedorovich decided to put a small outbuilding on his factory-courtyard yard, on the road, in a better way. We wanted to put up the sidewalk near the gate, and Pavel F. didn’t stand on the border, closer to the poor, motivating that this would be a temporary wooden small outbuilding, and there we will follow it and set up a nice stone house, and transfer this to another place. I did not dispute, because of the troubles of troubles - the news. Pavel red. Contractor Kitai Lipatovich Vakhrushev to make a light foundation for wooden walls - Remove the fathom length along the path and three widths deep into the yard. liex a bit more compassionate and our new construction site was left only with a narrow passage through the three saunas. Mitya Lipatovich, the peasants were tricky, as long as the deletion was silent, everything was done as the master Pavel Fed ordered. When did they finish the voyage, he needs to leave - the next building is already carpentry - then Mitya Litarovich would say to Pavel, ed.: "It’s very close to the poorhouse, if you wouldn’t forbid to put the wooden building. It’s better you put Pavel Fed. for the remainder of the factory building, and if you don’t have enough, you can bribe him, but you will have to stop this building because it cannot stand the stone building. "_______743_______Pavel Fed. to come home and say many things: * The remaining brick will be dragged and soaked, Mitya Lipatovich with a net to make a stone wing. "I reject that I don’t mind, but you have to resubmit the foundation again - this can’t stand it. But if you spend money on the exchange, then immediately put the fundamental stone building near the gate, although small, one-story, but with the calculation so that it would be possible to make an extension and to add, or to impose the second floor. But God did it, of course, at the indicated location. at of the land administration, the new building should be at a distance of 6 fathoms from it, and since now the road to the river is planned according to the plan, then the road should be left undevelopedthere are 10 fathoms, Pavel F. was stubborn that it’s a pity to leave seven fathoms empty, we’d better build on the very edge, and they already ordered Dity to continue laying the wall for one floor on the same foundation. I say: "If you are far away from Mitѣ, then in the event that you fundamentally withstand it, you fall off for the future, so you c. Literature and distract, if you push anyone, then I don’t want to go to prison, and therefore I don’t want to go to prison I won’t give orders to him. You will know Moscow tomorrow, tell him everything you need to do, the actor will pay him for the work. " When Pavel F. thought, later he would say: “Nothing, the foundationѣ to withstand, the building will be light, one-story, and as for what is close to bogadѣlѣn, it’s all here, not a city, but a village — whoever is to see. Our land, wherever we want, there we build. Little if we have all the factories built in all villages. They didn’t take any permission for any building, they took away the revenge, wherever they wanted, they built it. " I am from_______744_______vtil: * Now the times are different. If you are not afraid, then your cause. on my side, I would only have been warned about what the signs of Mitya Lipat, and Yves. n Half-day ". Pavel red. Remained at his convictions and ordered him to continue. In the morning, HE 10, Moscow, the second go to Vyatka to see him off and, by the way, to the bank, business. Without us, the bailiff was on the road. , got out and the crew, went to our building, asked Antya Lipat: "What are you building. Show the plans and resolution of the volost government. I’m wondering how could the golden authorities ruin so close to building for the poor, it’s necessary to retreat to Sai 10. "Mitya said:" Resolution is the rule of nule, but I warned Pavel Fed., But he did. said that the stone can be built in three salens, "put the stanovoy ordered to stop the construction, summoned the office of Mikhail Petrovich Ivanov / after learning that both owners are in Vyatka]. Explained to L.P. Ivanov to inform the owners, that so far he didn’t draw up a protocol, but ask, within three days, to proceed with a decisive testimony and the volost government, then it will be built. If the building continues without certificate, then it will be built again three days later and then draw up prot After carrying out a staging bailiff: 1. P. Ivanov had telephoned to many Vyatka apartment / phone only 2 months before the last trip from Vyatka to our village. Likh. Petr., Repeat the message that was also told to Pavel Fed. Following this, listen said: “There is nothing to be done, count Mitya Lipatovich, say that we will not build sovn.”. Hanging up the phone_______745_______says many: “That's what they’ve died of: it’s not free to build on your land without the authorities”. I tell him: “No one can forbid, and always allow building, where it is necessary, but with the observance of the building charter and legal requirements . My opinion, if necessary, you want to build an office, so take the legal permission from the local authorities and ask Charushin again to draw and approve the provincial government plan of the one-story house with a beautiful facade, but you can do so in order to go back building to this house. This will cause only 50 rubles. expense for the plan, and do not be afraid of anyone and anything - build without looking back and without danger of a fine, and take away the plan only 3-4 days. But even easier, if you want, you can only take the permission for the volost authorities assigned to the place and build tomorrow according to the approved plan and facade of our house, but not 2 1/2 floors, but only half and throw out the average width so far only neither 1. In the basement floor can be made with grates in the windows. and take the warehouse ready to go tannery po B, and above the office. "Pavel Fed. liked the last offer, he grabbed hold of him, began to ask me tomorrow to take the right of permission, and immediately build, and I warned that according to plan Mitya Lipatovich can’t finish the facade, I will entrust the construction of Dr. Kolotov. Pavel, editor redoubtedly again agreed to this. Within a month, the office was built of stone, V. Sholtora, on a temporary wooden floor from a covered porch and a wooden staircase. For two or three months and before that, in gorodѣ Vyatkѣ at initsіativѣ Vyatskago city Skog head, Yakov Ivanovich Іoskrebysheva were numbered_______746_______ at home along all the streets and for the first time telephone communication was introduced throughout the city, with the right to join the K. Vyatka central telephone station organized for the first time by the city office / and also to other breeders located outside of Vyatka, as well as the city Slobodsky. To do this, it was prudent to lay a telephone cable for 12 wires through the Vyatka river, i.e. for 12 telephone subscribersѣ. All breeders outside of the city and the city administration in Slobodskaya were sent from the Vyatka city council circular proposals on the connection of proportional payment of the cost of the cable, and all the conditions for the general maintenance of the Vyatka central station, and telephone operators, and other expenses were paid, use of phone subscription through the central station. Having received this offer from the city of Vyatka, we negotiatedbetween themselves. All youth eagerly spoke out for staging the phone not slowly, F.II. Hѣstnikov also willingly agreed. Ilya Tim. at first he rested, didn’t want to participate and said with his son: “This is an extra luxury, then you will not only go to bed. Give it a drink, and put each bed at home on the phone, then you’ll say that you’re not at home for anything walk - you’ll be lying on the bed. " But still his sons somehowreasoned, and two days later he agreed. Parfenovichi agreed with him, and with Tim Tim. already there was a phone a year before that only his own was put between the village. Vakhrushev. and his Demian house. At the suggestion that I join the Vyatka telephone, he unconditionally agreed, but warned that he would proportionally agree to pay the costs of the transfer to Vyatka, Ot selo, but if later you want to connect the village with Slobodskofour_______747_______central when such will be. /, In order to divide by all costs already incurred by him for setting up a pillar from Slobodsky to the village of Vakhrusheva. You agreed. But in order to attract a larger number of EI wiring to Vyatka, so that it would be cheaper to take part in one-time wiring, we asked Nikolai Ivanovich Bokov, a fur coat and sheepskin breeder. His sons really wanted to join, and the old man, such as Ilya Tim. , for a long time did not agree, not wanting to spend on such an unnecessary plug. Sons were deceived. It is not easy to draw out the consent to sign. His sons once told him that: “CE us for posting money now. They do not demand at all, they are all going to pursue at their own expense, only they must give their consent to pass by us. And if when we deliver the devices, then we will pay monthly, but if you try we don’t like it, remove the skachems after a month and then remove the device and again will pay nothing. "Then Nikolai Iv. Bokovi agreed and ordered to the sons. to give written consent, for trial. But the sons signed and gave an advance !! an approximate share of their participation in vodka, warning them not to tell their father. The town of Slobodskoy categorically refused so far. true past telephones from Vyatka to our village, with a central telegram station for our village in sobriety, and the wife of the head society of sobriety was the first telephonist. When all the phones were turned on, no more than a month passed. that instead of one apparatus, which is in his office, he demanded that he put another one in the bedroom, and so that_______748_______in all his homes, adoptions were delivered by apparatus, andalso in the cut-off factory, motivating only what suddenly. someone will reach him urgently at night, so he, without getting out of bed, will phone and call, I also liked the phone and Nikolai Ivanovich Bokov. In the first 2-3 months, ask your sons ":“ Thank you Vakhrutov ѣ: we also had a fountain. But we don’t want to use the money, we are ashamed and ashamed of people. You will find out how much it costs to post and pay for everything that comes with it ” . Sons said to pay. During a rainy storm, it was strong in the afternoon, several rotten old birches fell on the tract, which fell on the telephone and partly on the telegraph water, breaking them, and even some telephone poles tumbled down. The repair dragged on for five days. During this time, I accidentally conceived a wandering cod. Nikolai Ivanovichi Bokov himself refers to me: “It’s very long impossible to fix the phone. It’s bad, it’s not convenient without the phone: who will leave Vyatka, remember - you forgot to order something to bring to him; you’d call, but the phone doesn’t work . Whoever it is to depend on acceleration, would pay him something long. I would personally pay him the awards, just to be quicker corrected. * I reminded him: "How did you, Nikolai Iva beginner, consider this an unnecessary effort, and now find that five days without a telephone is a huge inconvenience. "N.I. Bokov unscrewed:“ Yes, I'm talking about fucked, I see that it’s very useful and convenient, it’s really amazing. How we used to live in villages and whether we were slave without a phone, and couldn’t think of such a convenience before. Thank you, you made yourself, and almost attracted us to fate 10. I already told the sonsѣ that they forone_______749_______paid the due si. I am part of the wiring and all the sweat. "I said:" Do not worry, we will consider yours and sons harmless to all participants. "At the same time, when you wired the telephone, all the Vakhrushevs paid attention to the improvement of the village of Vozne Sensko-Vakhrushevskogo: the postal route passing through the village was formerly BEAM protected by the provinces. From Slobodsky to the village Shepelevskaya - Osintsy. We all paved the same highway, Vakhrush, personally, at your own expense, from the postal path down the streets to the land of the village of Trofimovskaya, sharing the total bills in equal parts for all - four firms. Both this street, and along the highway, at a distance of the entire village, put large kerosene-glowing lamps / kind of electric arc lamps, spherical. Such lanterns were discharged from Moscow 10, all of them were burned every winter for the winter. In order to manage all the general economic activity and reporting on expenses, I’ll choose Ivan Ivanovich Vakhrushev as a whole.Earlier I reported that through Pavel Nikolayevich Shklyaev, through the Vyatka Governor Levchenko, on behalf of the trading house of Fedor Timofeevich, my sons were presented as royal mercy to reward several servants and workers. On the advice of P.N. Yoiklyaeva, I delivered him the list right away by ten, but he advised me to split it into several groups of 3 or 4 people, not more, and if you immediately introduce them all, then you can shorten all the ministries: 3-4 people to be awarded, and delete the rest. It may happen that you exclude those who you wanted to reward earlier. Therefore, you yourself choose who in the first place, in the second,_______750_______and so on, I chose and presented infirst of all even -I. Accountant Mikhail Petrovich Ivanov for personal hereditary citizenship.2. Anton Anisimovich Nosov, a silver medal for no honor to the chief on the Stanislavskaya ribbonѣ. Biography of A.A. Nosov: ALL the peasant of the Vyatka district, the Bystric volost, the village of Nosovo. - Anisim Karpovich But from wa. Anton Anisimovich, still a little illiterate, went to the factory together with his father. to.Fyodor Timofeevich Vakhrushev and his father wound up about washing wool. Father, i.e. Anisi is Karpovich, at this factory there is both assurance and burial in the village of Spassky, and Anton. Anisimovich continued to serve forty years, before the revolution, without departing to other firms, only every summer didn’t leave home for 2-3, and if he was free, then up to 2 thousand people. In due time he managed to get married at home, had sons who grew up, and also served as the father of the heirs of Fedor T. Vakhrushev. Anthony An.Nosov started wiping in the spring with wool, then buying bark, and in winter with a cut of leather. One time, together with his wife, lived in Moscow, the horse’s tailor and became the head of the planting workshop. But his main specialty, in connection with his honesty, kindness, conscientiousness and energy, was the purchase of willow-kore. They were indispensable in this industry, although he was illiterate, but she was entrusted with the purchase of bark for a sum of a few thousand rubles, and under his guidance and responsibility, he was one of the few homeowner sons who was traumatized for the purchase of measles, and, as a result, ѣzdil already with his sons, whom they had already learned from the village school ѣ elementary diploma ’._______751_______As I said above, it was only with the assistance of Anton Anonosov that we managed to organize and take our monopoly hands over the assembly of measles along the line of the Kotlas railway, where On collected the measles in the amount of up to 50 thousand rubles per season.3. Ivan Nikolayevich Poludnitsyn, Sloboda bourgeoisie - to the gold medal on the Stanislavskaya ribbonѣ for the new, on the chest.At the time of submitting it to the awards, we have not served them at our company for long, but it was emphasized to his credit that they self-taught and improved mechanical engineering at a large commercial company Aleksandrovakh, where, without care, served BGN 30. By switching to us., By manual production, we have converted our plant from manual to machine * production, which has increased three times the productivity for water and improved I. Law quality of shoe products, which are delivered to the Russian Federation, which is very important, especially in military knowledge.4. Alexey Vladimirovich. Testov, Slobodskoy bourgeois - NOT a gold medal on the Stanislavskaya ribbon for wearing on the chest. Biography Al.V. Pestova: they studied together with me in the same class, in Slobodsky city school, but did not finish the course. His father, Vladimir Tavri Ilovich Pestov, was the very first cutter at the beginning of cutting koya koi mdom, hip. T. Bakhrushchev, and worked in our company for 10 or 15 years, he made a cut for his three dreams Ovei, Alexei, Gavril and 17 barking. After the death of his father, Aleksey Vladimirovich continued with us a servant of 30 years, until the revolution, without leaving. In addition to tailoring, he performed all orders, $ 3 Dil with me for buying leather at local bazaars and throughout Siberia, and the last time was: -_______752_______the structurer and the head of the cutting ѣ separated and ө мь. When for kroyshchikov we already had up to 15 people, sometimes even more, then Alex Vlad. he himself was no longer a croig, but walked from one closure to another, observing the correctness of the cutting plan and giving advice and guidance, especially to beginners. As a result, we studied exclusively under his leadership and responsibility,The above four employees were nominated primarily and presented for the award on January 1st, 1903. All four people were awarded the Monarch’s mercy and were awarded on January 1 with the awards we asked for with the support of the Governor of Vyatka. That is, they received:І. M.P. Ivanov - personal honorary citizenship.2. A.A. Nosov - a large silver medal on the Stanislavsky ribbon ѣ for wearing on it ѣ.3. I.N. Midnight - a small gold medal on the Stanislavsky ribbonлав to be worn on the chest.4. A.V. Pestov. - a small gold medal on the Stanislavskaya ribbonѣ for wearing on the chest.Secondly, on Easter of the same year, through the governor of the torus, I were presented to the Highest Monarch of awards:І. Nikolay Andreevich Korobov, Vyatskiy Muscovite, home owner in the village of Makary. He served at our company 25. Earlier he served in Vyatka, with Mikhail Dmitrievich Laptev, as a quality kleevar, i.e. glue made of ash leather hides. My friend Fyodor Timofeevich Vakhrushev advised Andrei Yakovlevich Brovtsin: "Take Laptevskoe Kleevar N.A. Korobov, who for some reason left ot Laptev. If you take_______753_______ those of it, and the same glue will come out from you, then I will buy glue every year for match production, because no one can prepare the best glue, therefore with this glue the match does not dampen and does not fall off. "Indeed, having taken N. Korobov’s glue pots, our company had the best glue every year in the entire Vyatka province, half of the total amount produced was sold annually to match breeders, and the other half was sold at the Nizhniy Novgorod Fair to the Vikoru 21 manufacturing factory to fix paint on chintz. P From the call of the managing director Morozov, Ivan Onufriev, our glue turned out to be indispensable for fixing paint on cotton, because it does not get dirty and does not have any fat and doesn’t give itself any sludge and turbidity when unpacking. I introduced N. Korobov A small gold medal for wearing on the chest on the Stanislavsky ribbonѣ.2. Arkhip Timofeevich Zakharishchevѣ, a peasant. Vyatskogo district, Pasetov volost, cutter. Slunil with us. 25 years. For him, I asked for a small silver medal for wearing on the chest on the Stanislavskaya ribbons.3. Vasily Ivanovich. Vakhrushev, the peasants of the yin of Sloboda district, Stulovsky volost, the village of Trofimovskaya / his father's nickname was Vanya Kozel /. He served with our company. Let 20. For him, I introduced a small silver medal for wearing on my chest.All three of the above governors were presented to Easter, and received all three equally: a small silver medal on the Stanislavskaya ribbon for wearing on the chest.The next presentation of the third stage was already to No_______754_______ in the great year of 1904, but coincided with the time of the Russo-Japanese War and, it seems, was not satisfied, and who exactly was presented in the third turn, now I do not remember.With the construction by us of the second, i.e. a new plant with machines adapted, productivity of leather, naturally, began to increase. And for this we had a great need to find increased sales. The case I have stated above is to achieve an increase in deliveries directly to the treasury, with the help of attracting new competitors, as individuals of the company Br. According to the Skrebyshevs, clause 11, Klabukov and Lsnikov, you couldn’t bring any good namt, it worsened even more that all the breeders were embittered by us, and I fully realized that you had to blame me more: my thoughts were completely erroneous.Now I have suggested to Pavel and Stepan from Fedorovich: to take all the delivery to Tiflissky warehouse through Adelkhanov individually. Dovrenny Adelkhanova annually sold Vyatka to buy a cropped shoe and goods and lived annually in Vyatka for 3-4 months, buying from V.S. Poskrebysheva and with some Vakhrushevs, on condition: the third part is paid in cash at a maximum, and two-thirds are bills of exchange for 3 and 4 months. The first years, upon the acceptance of the goods, the goods were transported to the transport office. The Russian society has grown. Having received from Russia the corresponding receipt, was presented the next day in Vyatkudrenny with Adelkhanov, Stepan with Avetovich Vartovaryantsi p. our count them. He immediately, by proxy, signed bills of exchange for two-thirds of the amount of the value of the goods sent, and sometimes a third immediately issued cash, and sometimes ask for a qui_______755_______ hold a dance for a week or two, while you demand from the owner of. Tiflis money to pay cash third. Everyone willingly agreed to this, and after a week all the money was received exactly, then you will take both money and bills. But more and more we became acquainted with the Adelkhanovsky trustees, and with great trust we began to relate personally to his words. Availability from the “owner for paying cash” began to lengthen up to a month, and sometimes even up to two. The goods have been sentѣ and they are moving forward along the way. to Tiflis, and the receipts of the Russian society lie with us and we don’t get any money yet. one third, no bills of two thirds. Adelkhanov’s interests do not suffer, because the goods do not hold back - he moves daily closer to Tiflis, and our interests suffer - si dim without money. At least get bills immediately, take them into account and we would have 2/3 money in your pocket. Then we proposed S.A. After sending it to the Vartazarian, immediately give it to him the receipt of the Russian general. , and our account, and he began to immediately issue us bills for two-thirds of the invoice amount, and a third in cash remained for him in word, on an open account; to the account we signed only for the receipt of the wavels and immediately the invoice with the transport receipt was sent to Vartazaryants in Tiflis Adelkhanov. The remaining third was sent to us after ѣ I or 2 months, and then it began to lengthen when the goods arrived at Tifli, Adelkhanov donate it to the Quartermaster, earn money from our goods and then only transfer the amount of cash for us. It often turned out that the three-month bill was paid, even the four-month deadline was paid and the bill was paid, finally, for the fifth month, we transferred the following remaining amount to usthat one._______756_______ I offered Paul and Stepan a fed. to go to Tifla personally by ourselves to Grigory Grigorievich Adelkhanov and to make such an offer: so that he would not send Vyatka entrusted to us at all, and we would send him all the required quantity to him at a conditional price, and that they should receive transport to us offices and our account, immediately we were sent from Tiflis to Vyatka bills for the entire amount of the bill - three | and four months in half. If we need to wait a third sometimes for five months without a bill, we will immediately have the entire amount of a century of mudflow and take it into account, which will ease our financial situation. Pavel said: “It’s good, but I propose to go for a two-year trip and get a big loan. If the last troubles happen, so as not to reproach one another, let’s go along with Stepan.” Stepan willingly agreed to everything I also suggested that there should be no obstacle to the interest of VARazarjanets’s side, to interest him in a small percentage or gift, and whether Adelkhanov himself or his son should not be given a couple of good Savarasy moose Doc. Vyat ok. "I have if there is such an example - about yes “BE Vyatka”. On the year 1903, at the end of the Nizhny Novgorod Fair, in September September, I went to Stepan Fed. I went to Tifsy. Nobody knew where they went to conceive. After returning in 20 days, we were very happy. they really liked the trip along the Georgian military road through the mountains. Adelkhanov accepted the offer very well, and he was especially pleased that he would not have to send 3-4 months a month, which he really needed at the factory. Signed a contract for the entire annual amount of up to one hundred_______757_______thousand pairs of soldier's boots.Upon returning home, we immediately set about cutting the skin. At all breeders, cutting has not yet begun, because at. This year, contracts from the Quartermaster were not approved for a long time. We were the first to start cutting. Before the beginnings, cuts are always annually but a prayer service was served in the cut-out. secessions, where icons were brought from the church, and there was a local clergy and priests. For a month or so, they received the money on both of our petitions. our employees. They were invited to appear for a prayer service, for the medals that they made with great pleasure. At the end of the prayer service, when the icons were taken away, they remained at Th. I addressed all the workers with greetings, later having seen them at the beginning of work, and said: “There is a true Russian proverb:“ Pray for the God, the service cannot be lost for the Tsar: Let us see the evidence before us. Today we prayed to God, thanked Him that: today we are beginning to work, while no one else has such a thing. I have no doubt that each of Vasya prayed and prays every day, just like we all, that God help us in our affairs - and that Someone's prayers came to God and God sent us the desired work even when we they did not expect. Also, no one Vasya did not expect, working in a factory, to receive a royal reward. All of you are accustomed to seeing your neighbors peasants, awarded medals or St. George's crosses, only having received such wars. II. Before us now, as you can see, our employees stand among us, awarded the monarch’s mercy, awarded medals on the neck and chest, and one received personal honorary citizenship. All this because you are all working_______758_______you mend boots for the Russian army, taking great care, attentiveness and good faith to your work, Zavodo governing laziness, through the head of the governorate and through the minister, more than your honest and good work is due to Your Imperial Highness, and hearing bu and work for the army beneficial to the state and specified. Lyceum honored with distinction marks. All this confirms the proverb that I said above: For God, prayer, for the Tsar, service cannot be lost. I proclaim a toast for the Sovereign Emperor, cheers. ”In cѣ they shouted three times“ cheers, cheers, cheers. ” * The choir sang “God Save the Tsar.” Then the senior worker, cutter Anton Anisimovich Nosov, who was awarded a silver medal on his neck, proclaimed the Lord as the master for our health. Our workers and everyone present shouted “Hurray.” I again proclaimed our health for our health. co-workers - workers and office workers “cheers” and “many years.” Everyone shouted “cheers” and the polecat sang “Many years”.I looked around. ІPavel Fedorovich to stand and cry for joy and much work, especially for the elderly, to cry for unexpected joy, and they never saw such a triumph. Christmas Pavel Fed. Suhal to Moscow.After 2-3 months, approximately in January of the month of 1904, the Japanese, without declaring war, attacked Port Arthur and drowned part of the Russian battleships. ilo throughout Siberia they announced that they were going to a bilizatsiya, and in European Russia they insisted on one another that there would be no war. To send some little Japan out there to fight against enormous Russia, we are Japs. throwing hats.Stepan Fed. the past month and a half on Sivѣ, in Perm gu_______759_______ bernіi at Karelin, on the next purchase of raw materials. Having returned home to Christmas, I tell him that I stereographed with St. Paul scrap. Fed., That you must immediately go to Tyumen, there. stayed off. Tulskaya Tyumen Fair is a very good batch of raw materials from Pavlodar, Fattakh Kamardyanov. It can be bought at summer prices, but therefore, despite the holidays :: And we must not go now. Steiyan F. Otvtil: * This is tricky, but do you want to go from the holiday. I would wait until baptism. "I say:" After Kreshenya it may turn out to be late - remember the part of this party and friend, and now, while no one thinks that at the holidays. someone will come and buy, tomorrow, the first day of my birth, tomorrow, after the meeting, I will come and take Vasiliy Fedor with me. tact like Ivan Fedorovich just got married and didn’t want to go on holiday from his young wife. And you don’t talk to anyonerite that I’m in Tyumen ѣuhal, you can spread the rumors that I ѣ uhal in Moscow. "Prichav V. Tyumen, on the third day of Christmas, we stopped at the guest house of the Dulkomoyev Ulom cab driver. With the assistance of Doshkomoev’s team, they learned that Fattah’s skin was not sold, that it was stored in a warehouse of the Russian society and that the agent was given instructions. We went to the agent, examined the goods. It turned out that he was instructed to show and wire: who wants to drink and on what terms. We asked the agent to wire our company and our offer to buy at the price at which he sold part of the same product during July month, during the Tyumen yarnarka and on the same condition; one third in cash; one third six months. the bill and the remaining third - the bill is nine months. A day later, confirmation was received from Fattakh Kameldinov. We started immediately_______760_______to delivery and dispatch. The party was 7500 leather. We also bought one thousand three skins from Rechanov, so at the holidays we managed to buy more than 10,000 kokhs and the Epiphany returned home. Indeed, no one knew that during the holidays I went to Tyumen. Almost everyone believed that I had left for Moscow, but could not understand why Pavel Fed was conceived at the festivities. summon Peter Al. at. To Moscow. After Epiphany, when there was raw materials from Tyumen to Vyatka, then it was realized that at the holidays it must have been removed from Tyumen, but we no longer hid it. But everyone wondered why such a little thing. Even the holidays did not wait. Moreover, it was as if no one knew how much we sold Adelha nova, and so they secretly dared that “they were good at catching fleas only”, “they hastened, they only laughed at people,” and they themselves cried for the moment.It's been a month. Some newspapers learned about the Japanese attack. to the fleet in Port Arthur on the night of January 25-26, 1904 and the announcement of mobilization in Siberia. Prices for raw materials increased by a ruble in leather, and until spring there was nowhere to take, Then everyone was surprised and envied, as Fedo Rovicham was happy, managed to sell, they started cutting a month earlier than others, and at the same time managed to add raw materials, replenishing for quantity sold to Tifli si Adelkhanov, old, summer values. New contracts were again in full reserve. goods in factories.Our home family life went on as usual. Two children studied in Vyatka, the eldest - Henya and Vikentii were adults. Vikentіy studied poorly, he was hired a tutor almost every year. When he was studying you were a real prep class_______761_______school, then he was rehearsed by the teacher of the same class - Maklakov class, but when I moved to the first class, I really needed a tutor again, the directors of Salin said that teachers were not allowed to rehearse, and that they could recommend a good student from the old school class, and recommend the son of the widow of the Vyatka official, Vladimirov Aleksandrovich Livanov, as the best student, a very capable and experienced tutor. Having become acquainted, Lebanon prepared and rehearsed almost every year before exams. Vi Kentіya and others.girls, Zhenya and Lelya, studied very well and went from class to class without tutors and even with awards; in Vl.Al, Livanov and the son of Slobodsky police officer Dumarevskago, Sergy Nikolayevich. Dumarevskiy, were a little older than our children, also studied in Vyatka. Real schools and you went to our apartment to live almost daily in the evenings, like older comrades are friends. Sometimes they took lessons together, but also had fun, arranging home-made performances, vaudeville, without any decorations and scenes, home-made home-made costumes. Eugene, as the eldest, was with them for the director, and the grandmother Apollinariya Alekseevna Rukavishnikova, who came to them daily, the teacher and the cook, were spectators on the performances. And then grandmother to command: “Enough; young people, it’s time for you to go home, and you, children, have to go to bed.” Everyone obeyed and diverged.It happened that Rukavishnikov’s grandmother would come, children would complain to one another; she disassemble who is right, who is to blame. The following incident was recalled: Eugene complained about her brother. Stitch something_______762_______he is like a boy; she offended her. My grandmother found out that Kolya was guilty, she began to sneak him: “Why do you offend your sister, she’s a little girl, like a guest: grow up big, get out of the way, and you won’t live with you, only to visit you. I must immediately apologize to her. " Kolya humbly apologized. When the grandmother went home, Kolya began to avenge his humiliation - sorry. To go everywhere for sisters and to poison: “You, vѣdѣ, have a guest, a guest, a guest”, and so every day. I was not glad that my grandmother complained, and my grandmother called her a guest. The most serious conflicts and business issues were resolved by mom, i.e. Apollinarіya Alexeyevna, my wife. She hired a teacher or took off, asked for certificates of success at a real school and gymnasium, and hired a tutor. She hired and rented servants and gave all economic orders, like in the Vyatka apartment, and at home. The upbringing and learning of children all related to her care there. Personally, I absolutely could not follow the learning of children, especially the girls. - I sometimes didn’t even know in which classѣ which is studying. The two elders, Zhenya and 2 Tela, studied so well that they completed the course. Vyatka gymnasium with medals, and the third daughter, Valentina, already studied worse and left the fifth grade of the gymnasium. The eldest sonѣ Vikentіy left the 5th grade of the Real school, and Kolya graduated from the “real school” for 6 classesѣ.Personally, we, as a wife, allowed ourselves in youth - to visit our native dance evenings, or whether you had a club in Vyatka with masquerades, companies, with your wife’s brothers, with Rukavishnikovs and cousins, and Kazenins. ToTІ,_______763_______the rentals were taken for hairdressersѣ, and then, when the elders were grown up, they disguised themselves with us, and the suits are already cheap or at home. We found great pleasure in the visited theater. Although not very important troupes visited Vyatka every year, but we diligently attended, each time when we had to spend the night in Vyatka. I hardly drank fault until I was forty. In gambling, in cards, never played. Played just to pretend and then to screw. I couldn’t play billiardѣ Sovsѣm. At the racesѣ and on the bѣgaҳӣ neither - when you sweepstakesѣ did not play.Reminiscences about the upbringing of our children are met by unexpected troubles. ! When our daughter Olga was six years old, she scalded her legs with hot water from boiling vara itself. This happened under the following circumstances. Have we fallen summer in the village of Bakharevo, k. Anempodist Mr. Fofonov for some holiday, and almost always took children with them. And since you have to go along small roads, where field gates meet at each village, the village children open those gates for those who pass by, and passers-by can give them gins, gingerbread, nuts or drying for this.When my mother announced that now we had to go to Baҳarevo, we had to take a shop of pounds of gingerbread cookies to open the gate, the children had a break in the shop in the basement floor for gingerbread cookies. It was necessary to whitewash on the dark inner stairs. On the side, at the upper end of the staircase, there was a platform in a pol-arshin width, they always carried out to this platform, after tea drinking, a samovar and put to the right, when leaving the staircase, on the platform near the doors. The samovar had just been taken out of the dining room_______764_______ to the staircase, to the landing. Vi samovarѣ was more than half of hot water. Our daughter Lelya quickly ran down the stairs, along the length of the dress she hit the cock of a samovar and pulled the samovar to herself. The samovar knocked down her legs and kept pushing her one hundred percent with the pounds of the ladder, pouring hot water, and the steam rose toup to the dining room. Sitting in the dining room, having heard the noise on the flap - nice, and seeing a couple, we thought that it was smoke and the gentleman on the flats - tsѣ. We rushed downstairs; Seeing the little girl lying next to him with a hot samovar, all wet 9, they pulled off her shirt and shirt, wiped it with a dry towel, but did not realize immediately to take off her shoes and stockings. They took off some time later, it turned out that there was also hot water in the stockings and the legs were so scalded that water bubbles were pulled. They called the fel sher; they accepted. corresponds to the situation of mury, but all the same, there was a need to shed months with sick feet.The second case was with her -he. After lunch, we rested in the bedroom, slept, and children played in children. Delia broke her forehead, went blood. Denia's eldest daughter has heard that when blood comes from the nose, soak with vinegar and bleeding remains. Seeing the blood on her sister’s forehead, she ordered her not to cry, so as not to wake her parents, she took vinegar and began to wet vinegar with her bloodstained forehead .. With vinegar, the wound was more severe, the pain intensified, Lelya could not bear it anymore, she roared louder. We heard, ran away from the bedroom, called a felsher, who took the appropriate measures, but the nram was not significant on his forehead.During the construction of the house and the factory, we all batted in line from the river Vyatka to Slobodskoy, or with delivery to Boro -_______765_______ vice logs from state-owned dachas from losopromyshlennikov, but sometimes small torgati and losomѣ offered to buy ready-made log cabins hut or barn.Once, Dmitriy Ivanovich Vorobyov, Slobodskoy metz Nini, suggested that I buy in the upper reaches of the river Vyatka, verst 70 from Slobodskogo upstream rivers, a tar factory. Va raksina, where, ostensibly, there are large barns, a wooden building of a factory and iron cauldrons that can be fixed on glue boiled boilers. I am with. DI Vorobyov went there on hired zemsky horses, on the road in the direction to the village of Nagorskoye and vi kai. Reach the village of BE birch bark, 70 ver. From Slobodskogo, further to the plant you have to go versts for walking, you can’t go there - the road is narrow, Ochka paths. We decided not to rest and asked the owner of the station whether we should eat milk and milk. The owner said: "Nothing, if you want, I can kiss the ripples." DI. Sparrow say: "Of course, this is good. Dawa *, click soon." A man to take a single-barreled gun hanging on a wall and go outside. Vorobyovi ​​say many things: "If you want, go with them, see how they will grouse’ grouse. " I went out for the ownerѣ. He got out of the gate and immediately set his sights on the grouse birch. Shot - hazel grouse fell. The owner again loaded a single-barrel gun. At this time, several hazel grouse arrived again and were a few birch trees nearby. He fired again, and another grouse fell. The landlord asked me to eat: “Enough couples, or else it is necessary.” I said: “II am okay, and in the evening we will go back home, then if moss is ready, I will buy from you and take away the don.” Two of us were smoked Grouse is creamy and we are very pleased_______766_______ the story of theirs was We went to a tarry creek, examined barns and boilers, but all this turned out to be unsuitable for us. So they didn’t buy anything. The peasant, the owner of the zemstvo station, prepared for us on the road a couple more grouse fried and a few wagons chopped off, with feathers. Karen, we ate along the way, and raw, I took home. Cheap Kaysky grouse in Slobodskoy always famous. I don’t remember how much I pay this time for grouse - for example, and for roasting them in oil. But every fall in Sloboda Ka? grouse until the year 900, i.e. Before the Vyatka railway was run, merchants bought 15 kopecks for a couple, put ice cream with feathers in boxes and sent along the first winter route to Moscow. There they sold in bulk trading at the same price in Okhotny Ryad or the largest hotels - restaurants from 60 kopecks. up to 1 ruble per pair. But si held dear from Vyatka to Perm, the prices in Slobodsky were already 25-30 kopecks. for a couple, and when after 1905 Vyatka by the railroad connected with. Petersburg and Vіoskvoy, then already Slobodsky buying in the autumn was made at 60-75 kopecks. for a couple. In Slobodsky. Alexander Ivanovich. Sin, primitively and in small quantities, pcs. 300 or up to 500; in the autumn, hazel grouse was canned. Having thoroughly cleaned the hazel grouse, put it in the form of a tin can, filled it completely with melted cowmeat, slightly salted butter, sealed the box, and left it for the whole winter, selling 1 ruble per can. But local sales were not significant, each for prepare yourself for the cheap autumn, and therefore A.I. Grѣkhovi sent vos Noskvu for sale through the E commission._______767______________768_______ All the masses escorting them could not fit in with the godfather. “go to kѣ rѣkѣ” by the way, and therefore looked and prayed from both the mountains of the ravine, on the descent k ѣ rѣkѣ there were quite often prayer-like colorful and colorful holiday dresses, many rented boats pulled out and sat in the boat to the river, waiting for the cross to go. Many prayers ѣkhali in Velikoretskoye se. lo ahead of the procession, from Vyatka. At the time of the wires. 84 climbed on a steamer or barge. While the lessons serve again a brief prayer service, during this time there are two steamboats with barges, full of people laden with a praying public, ѣ from the canyons to the steamer ѣ to Medyanskaya stationery. Pervushinsky factory, stopping in the middle of the river, are opposed to the procession, and the public of the steamer prays. the picture of this whole ceremony turns out indescribably sweet, solemn. I can hardly be mistaken if I say that up to one hundred thousand people gather annually for seeing off the entire public. 80 where the prayer at the river ends, the icons, sent to the great river at numbers 5-6, including Nikolai the Miracle-Worker here, rush in the hand, two people at each icon, who have icons in their hands, land a large, stolen boat, fishing 10-12 oarsmen in color shirts and amicably start rowing and quietly the boat sets sail to the other side. Krugon her boat 200-300 with the public, smiling naked and heads. On the shore, the clergy, chiefly Archbishopopol, stood silently until the boat with the icons reached the opposite shore. Also, all over the coast, on the slopes, the audience is all worth it for nothing, without a hat, with their heads drawn. On the steamboat and bar jaud tode, they all stand without a hat and pray, and the steamboats gradually go by themselves. Ashore military orchestras_______769_______music and the archbishop of the choir pѣvchikh constantly perform “Kohl glory. When the icons landed on the opposite bank, the Archbishop bless all those who are leaving and remaining, as well as the religious procession and all the clergy accompanying my audience, return to the cathedral. notice that often it is necessary to see among the public, during the Velikorotsky wires, the Tatars and the thiefs of the Sloboda district, which are special to the wires of Nicholas, the Pleasant of God, because, it turns out, some of them are revered as a shrine , Not stabbing the Pleasant, although they are not Christians.Having crossed. across the river to Dymkovo, icons with priests and other parts of the cathedral and with the audience - icons of noses, begin to serve prayers in the houses on Dymkov, who invite you to your house, and then go to the village of Karye and through Bobino go all the way to Velikoritskago village, stopping along the way in every village, and almost in every house there are rumors of prayer. Don't want men and women, several hundred people, to walk all the time with icons and alternately carry the icons, be sure to hand, and the clergy, from the wire are a few icons - they are a little - alternately walk behind us and hear rumors, and alternate hear backward BE, wagons, sleeping and sleeping. In this way. The Vyatka River to Veliko Retskago villages goes with prayers for a day or two. The largest part of the audience, who had gone on steamboats to the Nedyansk factory, OTE Efe had gone to Velikorytskago to go most of the peshkom, but many to hire 4 children to Velikoretsky horse - a chariot driver, local peasants, and sometimes forward and backward. There, two days, and a wait. Tavshiye and shedshіye pѣshkom through Nedyana jav_______770_______ The Velikorotsk village in front. When the icons and the public came, the village of Bobino, one of the cherries' icons, was the local clergy of Veliko Retskoy, in celebratory churchlachenians, with banners, icons, and with good local girls, go to the outskirts of the village, accompanied by all the local people in the city of Leni and who have passed through the tin, solemnly meet the icons and carry the local Great Church. Hailing day and night, in turn, all the clergy priest and local, to serve prayers and requiem. On the next day, the liturgy is solemnly served, and after the liturgy, the icon of St. Nicholas the Wonderworker, who arrived from Vyatka, was accompanied by other icons, to carry the baptism, clergy and praying public key to the key, in good faith, in good faith. The tradition is to say that this icon of St. Nicholas the Wonderworker appeared on this key at the well BE prod scrap of the table. It was ordered by the Diocesan authorities that you took Vyatka to the cathedral, but this icon disappeared from Vyatka and again appeared on that key, where it appeared, the village of Velikorѣchѣ. Then the Diocesan rule decrees: it is necessary on May 21 to wear a solemnly shown icon in the village of Velikoretskoye at the place of its appearance. SE of that moment also exists. BE Vyatka is the Great Godmother? walk around.There is a chapel at the keyhole. The presented icon of St. Nicholas the Wonderworker and all the others, accompanying the icon, are placed in the chapel on the corresponding honorary place. Prayers are served all day for the zhelandikh, and by night the icons are brought to the church of the village of Velikorytskago, and the next day, after the liturgy, also solemnly, although without military music and without the archaeological choir / accompany the icons back to Vyatka, but already_______771_______ on the other side of the river Vyatka. Many of them came forward with icons, walk back and forth along this path with icons and carry icons. These are some of the things to do, for example, on a friend, the provincial Zemsky vowel Fedor Ivanovich blue, every year went back and forth to the Great River with the Nuts - prick Miracle Worker Fri Flakovat and tried, if possible, although part of the way to carry the icon of Nikolai the Miracle Worker. They told me a lot that when I was still young, they were very lazy, then prayed to God for recovery and told CE to go to the Great River every year with icons and carefully and sity filled it, and he also said that he knew a lot of others. such as one for obztsanі kyu. My wife’s mother, Apollinariya Alekseyevna Rukava Nikova, also went to the Great River almost every year, but up to + 4e dyany to the steamerѣ, a. Medyany, when she was younger, sometimes she was a company with her relatives, but more than a little n. Medyany and back horse ..Personally, I went to the Great River twice with my wife. For the first time, through the first boat on a steamer, and further on a horse, the village was praised in a common hut. 15. A. A. Rukavishniko wa, Vlad. Iv.Kazenin with his wife and both, and we went back through 11 years old and with us simultaneously went the Suntsovsky clerks, who annually went to the Velikorotsk village to the fair before the procession to sell groceries and vat paint for painting the canvas. A mass of trade people are buying and selling from Vyatka to this fair. Here I am going to buy from the peasants of the canvas, oil, eggs, flax, change and others. Peasants for sale: vat paint, manufacture, dishes, iron, soap, braids, sickles, lamin, kerosenefrom~_______772_______ etc. To do this, throughout the village, on the square near the churches and along the well roads, i.e. The place of the appearance of the icon, everywhere, temporary booths are arranged - tents that are rented when the merchants trade for several days for rent. From somewhere, Vassa is gathering beggars and wretched old and old people, and even more poor boys, who walk in the village in dozens, and then froze along the road from Nedyan, halfway, each of them having a dozen or more boys. and girls from 5 to 12 years old open the gates, and sing with outstretched hands: * Kee, mommies, give a penny. "Going to give - some money, some gingerbread, drying or bread ..The second time my wife and I went to the Great River on our horses from home. Having carried the icons into the Vyatka, we left home without hindrance, and on the morning of the 22nd we left the house with a coachman. His rum. Potanin, a resident. Velikorodskogo of the nature, the peasant. We arrived in Velikoretskoye village on the 22nd late in the evening. The kvar of the shooting range through Potanin was ordered in advance from us - a long - a small room and a small house, near the Sefirn. Also, on our horses, we went back home without having to take the BE. Back to Vyatka icons with. The Great Rivers return along the left bank of the Vyatka River, through the village of Bileyskoye and through the village of Khalkidonovo, and in the last - the Arkhirey dacha. After serving the last prayer in Chalkidonov’s, at the cottage of the Holy Prelate Episikol, the icon of reception and prayer, on the 27th !! Near the cemetery, by the out-of-town garden, from 3 to 4 hours, the whole city intelligentsia, smart audience, take in many things and get blanched out to meet the icons_______773_______ Great river. From 4 to 7 or 8, near the country house and the public walk and wait for the icon. This is already less like a 10 meeting in Lithuania, more like a walk or an exhibition of spring outfits from a wealthy city audience. Here, from 4 to 8 peasants are almost invisible. But with the icons they don’t come and the peasants don’t, tired, go with the icons of the village of Velikorichya — it’s really laboring people — pilgrims. Behind the pilgrims, they carry the clergy and, on separate large trestles, the sick, wooden chests that were iron-clad with hanging hanging. In these chests is the church treasury, i.e. All liquor earnings, for church candles, a circle and plate collection, and a collection for prayers and requiems. With all these fees, it’s suitable for personally to start the church head of the cathedral, Pavel Petrovich Elabukov, who every year they themselves went to the procession to the Great River and took helpers, their clerks and a few well-known merchants or peasants. Among them annually ѣz Dil with p.p. Elabukovaya our acquaintance, Nikolai Ivanovich Mironov BE kachast - at the counter of money, because the proceeds were mostly small. All the money collected was brought to Vyatka E in large chests, on large trestles, on several peasant shades. It was possible to harness a few peasants of a root root and KE him at the side of two hookers, and then go ahead, a couple? E, a few bets with. To the riders and to the front horses. Sometimes more than a dozen such pairs of horses are harnessed to carry the Velikorotsky Cathedral treasury, and carts with waiting for cathedral clergy, behind the procession.Having returned to Vyatka, the icons stay for the night at nightone._______774_______ a cemetery churchѣ, and the treasury should be immediately taken to the cathedral with a fight. It’s interesting to see when 20-30 horses, in pairs, in full swing, carry in the evening. the city of Ki Cathedral is a huge coffin. It’s not necessary to hire horses and cows, it’s all voluntary zeal for the local peasants who come to the church and come to KE to ask them to put them in line to work with horses, as a treasury or clergyman. Some are recorded for all distances from Vyatka to Velikaya rka and are different, and some are only from one village to another, or five miles or ten. This is also done for religious reasons, or for healing a horse after illness, or when the peasants give birth to their mare’s foal, they promise that when he grows up, he will let him serve the church during the procession of St. Nicholas the Wonder to the Great Hand and are very upset when they are refused, if a lot has already been recorded in the queue. I have heard. Ot p.p. !! Labukova, that in such cases they tried not to refuse anyone, and they set the lines themselves, at least for a short distance and harnessed in Ң unlimited Ң home quantities ’, sometimes up to 40 horses, while the chest could carry only three or five horses. At the meeting of the icon, who returned from the village of Velikorichia on the 27th, having spent the night in the cemetery’s church, on the next day, on the morning of May 28th, they prayed solemnly to bring the icons to the Cathedral Cathedral, accompanied by the clergymen walking in the city by the church circle. and singing, and along the way, throughout the city, go into the houses of CT residents of the city who are invited, and listen to prayers. Throughout_______775_______ the masses of the city people and peasants go to the city before the cathedral, icons are especially welcome for the meeting of St. Nicholas the Wonderworker. But, of course, a lot of ken quantitatively, than with wires. In the Cathedral of the Icon, meet the Diocesan Archbishop and all the clergy in the church. cloud cover, with the arch of the Archbishops. Serve the liturgy and prayer solemnly. 11th we almost every year went to Vyatka to see about the waters and to meet Nikolai the Miracle-Worker, to pray and take part and look at the grandiose local napa Christian celebration of worshipers of the Vyatka shrine.Once, when seeing the icon to the Great River from E Vyatka, an unexpected catastrophe occurred. From the Aleksandrovskogo kad rѣk сада garden, the konor’s hut, there was a wooden staircase that existed for several decades. When the procession went down to the river and the icons were shrunk into the boat for crossing the river, at that moment there were a lot of people on the stairs and the circle A4E of her, all over the mountain. The ladder could not bear the weight, [it is possible that she was backing with rotten columns about the time of the bond /, broke off and, with all the people who stood on it and having grown up, fell down. People, chattering one after another, fell down with crushed one another; so many hundred people fell down. There were no deaths, but there were many injuries. The number of uvukhnykh was the wife of Timofey Parfenovich Vakhrushev, Evdokia Alek Sandrovna Vakhrusheva / nee Lagunova /. She broke her leg, she was taken to the Vyatka Provincial Hospital, her leg was tied up and you were cracked. She lay in the hospital for a month and the fracture grew together, but the limp remained.Bi Eyatkѣ annually celebrated a small celebration, oroneoneTrtz te_______776_______Sunday, children's holidays, on the fourth week after Easter, on Saturday and Sunday, called the "Whistler". This holidayVi contrary to the Great Religious Procession / justification is not on religious grounds. The tradition of saying that back to how many centuries Vyatichi fought with some foreigners, and in memory of defeating the foreigners, was established to celebrate annually on the 4th week after Easter, in the large city square, near the Alexander Garden, Svistun New.Here, booths are arranged on the square - tents for shopping with sweets, toys, whistling ears and other small goods. Arranged a booth - dѣt sky theater. Parsley and carousel. In general, it turns out summer festivities, among which there is a majority of children: articulation of the family! - by babies or babysitters. Almost everyone considers it a long time to buy a whistling toy on Whistler and whistle in it. Ғ! - the struggle of whistling toys is enormous, for different prices - from I to rations to the ruble. Wooden, birch bent twigs, unstressed trumpets and accordions, clay patches and goats, rams, CE cows with gold and horns and with painted sides. Clay, painted in different colors, women and boys with harmonica, and a lot of different toys. The same material dolls are on sale! local publishing house with imported and porcelain or celluloid heads. A variety of types of flying balls and balls.The main suppliers of both clay and gypsum toys are residents of the village of Dymkova, located opposite the city, across the river, on the left side of the river. In spring, during the spring flood of the river Vyatka, this settlement Dymkovo floods the settlement, so they have to go to the fence, water and they are right from the porch of the house_______777_______go into boats and take from one house to another along the streets. their settlement on boats. So, for a whole month they were cut off from “the city and from the village of Makarya, 5 miles away from Vyatka, for the water of the river spills to the village of Makarya and boats - transported between the city” and Makarya. the whole month is made at a distanceNyat verst.In Dymkov, in almost every house, clay and gypsum dolls work manually all year round, using the primitive method, since time immemorial, there may be centuries. Models, apparently, used to get out of the capital earlier, and they were very clumsy. But with the introduction of the Vyatka provincial zemstvo of a handicraft museum, according to the latest I wrote out for Dymkovchan improved models and gave them for these models. orders with advance payments. The museum also bought up Ot Dymkovchan their products for resale and took it on commission. Zemstvo through the museum strongly supported the handicrafts in general in the Vyatka province, but in particular, it supported a lot of clay toys from Dymkovo. The Dymkovites themselves traded a lot on the Whistler. During the Whistler two days it was allowed to whistle and everywhere to whistle throughout the city without hindrance. Јitsa, prіzhzavshiya from the capital of Vyatka, and accidentally hit Iduring Whistle Uni, they were surprised: what is it, what an amazing city of Vyatka. In sѣ, big and small, walk around the city all day and whistle.A similar holiday, the Whistler, was arranged annually in Slobodsky, but on the seventh week after Easter, on Thursday. But in Slobodsky in smaller size and only I day. and other meanings. On Thursday, in the seventh week after Pas hee, of. Slobodsky Monastery, by order of Epar_______778_______ hіalnago of the authorities, a religious procession is sent throughout the Slobodsky uzd, through villages and the village of ME, with the intercession of the First Priest with a psalm-reader and several icons. Traveling - they scream for 8 months, they return back to the Slobodskoy monastery only by Christmas. B. Thursday, on the seventh day, after the liturgy, about 3 days from the men's monastery, the Church of the Archimandrite or Hegumen and all the monks, and all the baptists, take out the icons on the square in front of the gates of the monastery, to serve solemnly, which are - The residents of the town of Slobodsky and other peasants from the nearest villages hold icons for traveling around their homeland. After the service, part of the icons with the Jerome monks go on a journey through the Titov mill to the village of Sove. And the rest of the clergy returns to the monastery. And the puff, after drawing the icons, it remains to walk on the square near the viha monastery. It’s not in the square, near the monastery, special but for the walkers of the public, to this day booths are arranged -tents for the sale of sweets and toys and whistles.Trade begins with these sheds. BE Thursday, But the main thing is that oyaki owns trade from 3 hours to 8 hours. in the evening. The buzzing toys whistled apart according to business and, like V. Vyatka, walking along the streets, whistle more and more unhindered. I remember when we were still studying Slobodskyѣ, fling 13-14, then on Thursday, on IKE, coming from the school, we hastily won and took care of the monastery for seven, and first of all we bathed for 2 cop. a bottle of kvass - sour qi, for yeast, with raisins and sugar - what’s stronger is recited, the more is namt_______779_______I liked it. But it happened very annoyingly: sometimes after eating almost all the kvass to jump out, it remains to drink half a glass. Then, some guys made a complaint, did not pay money, and the 11-year-old lady ran away with. demanded the money in advance and asked la: "What do you need - very fun, or less stains." Having sour cabbage soup, they walked and bought whistles. I {from adults, I almost didn’t go to Slobodskoy this summer, and I also didn’t go twice or twice to the Whistling Vyatka. And our children always visited the Whistler in Vyatka every year and the seven BE Slobodskol accompanied by their mother, Apollinariki Alekseevna or grandmother Rukavishnikova.Since 1900, the post of factory inspector was introduced in the Vyatka province. The first inspectors in Vyatka were Nikolai Yakovlevich Yezhov. They rented a house in Vyatka on Lioskovskaya Street, BE a floor on the floor of the house of Dyakonova. / the last house was bought by the Bokov brothers, the sons of Nikolai Ivanovich Bokov /. According to the appearance of the governor of the factory inspector, we, the breeders, were met not friendly. We believed that this was a new leadership by breeders, which began to establish new orders for BE factories and to require various overwhelming improvements and innovations. From the side of the workers, too, at first it was not a friendly attitude to the factory inspector. The workers believed that it was in favor of the factory owner, the closest boss who would mend the workers' judgment and reprisal for any minor offense, and believed that the inspector would always unilaterally try to blame the workers and justify the owners of the factory owners. In the near future, both sides were convinced that both those and others were mistaken. There is no deterioration in the plant or plant for the plant._______780_______ chikovѣ and for the workers was not there. Factory inspectors were sorry for the whole month after two months, that is, the nearest factory was 4 or 6 times a year. PRIZZKAYA NAM sat in the evening, stopped for the first time, like at an old factory, at 14th Timofeevich Bakhrushev. After spending the night, inspectors walked around the factory. They gave different instructions, paying attention to the cleanliness of the table0 Outlets, the quality of the food, the contents of the sleeping rooms and bedding, as well as lavatories and lavatories. There was a need for a factory cadel to hand in a book for the reminder and a specified factory inspector, to which the inspectors recorded all the given instructions and took a handy record with such a copy, a certified factory owner possessed it, and took the copy away. The first requirement of a factory inspector was to start a form-based accounting book with all the rules printed and woven into a workbook, and to keep this book in the hands of the workers. Settlement to be made at least once a month, on the indicated preliminary day. Everyone agreed to pay wages to the workers 2 times a month, on Saturday after. The 1st and the last of the 15th. Do not make any unclear conditional retention. Prior to the factory inspector, almost at all factories it was possible to accept the following one hundred people: the working day of the 1st of October is shodding at the plant. until 1st Tay "for 7 months, sentence, for 5 or 10 rubles each month on household contents and shoes. Others were ordered to give him a lash of 5 4.50 or 9.50, and each month was left at least fifty dollars” issued at the end of the period, that is, April 30. The factory inspectors recognized this as unlawful, but ordered to write to the book?_______781_______Atfor the first 6 months - 9.50 rubles each, and for a month - 13 rubles. If the workers went into the half-April of a month, then they do not receive only 6.50 per half month; or in other words, that for the whole winter he earns a salary of 9 rubles. 75 kopecks for a month. Under the previous conditions, established by voluntary agreement between breeders and workers, under unauthorized: care half a month before the deadline, the worker lost 50 kopecks. for every month, and under the rules introduced by the factory inspection, workers, with unauthorized care, they began to lose their job, but less, but the new and the rules provided for and strictly punished each violation of the indicated contract with each side. For the first time, the workers did not pay attention to this rule and see that their retention by a fifty-month-a-month has now ceased to remain at the factory’s office. In the spring, when it was early to get off, it was time to plow and rent, they freely and freely began to leave home a week or two before the deadline, even leaving their passports in the office of the plant. Breeders. factory inspectors warned that in such cases, immediately send to him, the inspector, a passport and contractual leaves, a copy of which remained at work B5 KNIEyk and an estimate of the condition for calculating the system, if necessary, by the workers. For the first time, there were dozens of delays: the factory inspector was sent such a statement by the OESLAN (0 21 leaving and attaching the passport left, and the factory inspectors, upon their conclusion, forwarded the passport and until then they say that they had the right to leave the country , demanding that the local volost judge, on the basis of the law on violation of treatiesѣ, pritex_______782_______a worker who had arbitrarily left before the term, and would have sentenced him to the highest penalty. The volost courts awarded 10-15 days of arrest - with the volost government. Then the workers realized that new orders became worse for them. I remember, worker Іievr Zykov said: "20 years to work at the plant, and never sued anyone, and there were no misunderstandings with the owners, and now, with the new rules, 10 days from sitting in the government raised an arrest: instead of 20 months of arrest. a flight servant in the factories. " Breeders also realized that these orders are not normal. Workers began to dress up until April 1 or April 15, because earlier than the 15th AIi, I didn’t start field work at the farms, and when the contractual work I lived to live on April 1 or 15, if it’s If you think that spring is late, then they still remain for a week or two by the day. Both sides were more satisfied and the requirements of the factory inspection rules were met.With shoe machines, work was done at the same time: for each machine work its own price was set. A clear time sheet should be developed by the factory management, written and submitted in advance to the factory inspector for approval. The inspector, having approved, shall sign the time sheet in no more than how many copies and put a seal and a dag. This report card is displayed in a prominent place in the office and in shoe factories, and in the book, a working win is displayed: I agreed on an indefinite period of work for the BE shoe factory, according to prices approved by the factory inspector. according to the report card of such and such a date, month and year. In the event of a decrease in the rate of increase or decrease in time, the time sheet must be worked out in advance, and again approved by the factory inspector, and increased by_______783_______the same revenge two weeks before the change of prices, and only two weeks later the work on new prices begins. If the worker desires to leave the work of shoes, under the condition of an indefinite period, the worker must notify the factory office about this within two weeks, from his mark book. The same obligation applies to the manufacturer with an undetermined period, i.e. wishing to dismiss, the manufacturers obligated to betray in two weeks. Or firing, immediately pay the debt for two weeks.Setting up and testing steam boilers at the factories. It was wholly maintained by the factory inspector. Before setting up a steam boiler, the breeder must submit it to the factory inspector, upon declaration of the plan of the boiler house, approved by the provincial government, construction department, all documents and drawings for the steam boiler and the foundation plan, Factory inspector personally runs 1 tested by pump, special toolsto eat - does the boiler withstand the BE shownnie on which the boiler is guaranteed by the factory. If the boiler does not give any scarlet heat and can withstand the pressure, then the factory inspector, having seen the obstruction under the boiler according to the plan, issue a copper plate for the boiler with the number stamped on it. This record is handed to the boiler and sealed, and a cord book is issued to the breeder or the responsible mechanic signed by the factory inspector, which indicates the number of the boiler and the date when the boiler was set and tested. But I remember for sure - every three years or annually it is required by law that the factory: inspectors_______784_______ check the pump again ѣ and with your tool, the boiler and after each such check is marked in the cord book of the boiler ѣ when the check is done and that the boiler is in order for further work.Factory inspector. Every day in the Vyatka province 10 or 12 years. We are accustomed to the tact that we considered it very useful for water managers and for workers, and I never had any misunderstanding with him. But Ilya T. something in the first year of the relationship with N. Ya. Hedgehogs have worsened, they were of personal dryness, natyanga iron. Hedgehog to stop staying in the apartments of Ilya Tim, for an overnight stay, when you booked an apartment, and asked for our consent to spend the night every night. He always went to the Zemstvo horses and the next day he was again given the land of horses, and if, when asked to take him to the station in Shepelevo for the sake of horses, he paid money at the established Zemstvo tax, verbally, and demand a receipt for this amount . In categorically refused to take money - a few cents or a dime. But they give backVal ih to the coachman, give me a receipt, citing the reason that his deductibles are paid by the treasury at their true value according to exculpatory documents.Once this is the case: factory inspectors arrived at our zemstvo horses from E Vyatka. A zemstvo station was in. Vyatka in the courtyard of A.A. Rukavishnikova. At this time, Vyatka was informed by telephone that Afrika Siy Ivanovich was the brother-in-law of Vyatka. Pay again, and invite dad Alexander Fyodorovich to go with him from E Vyatka to them in your name ѣ Orlovskiy uѣzd in the name of the daughter of Anfis Alexandrovna ѣ tѣmѣ,_______785_______ to dad prіkhal vyatka, and then Af. Iv.Plat once again promises to take away with him, and then, after a week, deliver back to Vyatka. They offered a panacea - he agreed. They answered by phone so that Afanasy Ivanovich would expect apartments in our Vyatka, where to live. We asked the Zemstvo coachman who brought the factory inspector's consent to take our father to Vyatka for an additional fee, at the land rate. The coachmen readily agreed. Їїpiѣhali in Vyatka. Coachmen addresses: "Dadushka, where to take you, what street and number. Dol:" Dadushka distracts: "Take me to our guys, a big red house. I don’t remember the last name - whose name is ero. And the street and P are not home I remember. " The coachman thought, take him to the big red! at home - a maternity hospital. Come on, say: "Here you are, the guys are in big red hunches." Little girl walked up the front porch into the maternity hospital, asking: "Are our guys here to live." The urn ’nurse’ sir says: “Hardly, grandfather, you guys may still have children. I believe that yours are here, there is a maternity hospital.” granddad say: "My grandchildren study ude. I see that the coachman is not bringing me there." I went out into the street and said to the yamptsik: "Better carry Rukavishniko vu, and from there escort me to our guys." The coachman said: "Yes, I myself live at Rukavishnikov’s yard, I’d say so right away, so we wouldn’t be confused in the city to find where the guys live." When they came to A. A. Rukavishnikov, the palace himself was told that they recognized the birth maternity and there above it. hesitated that in his years in the maternity hospital his guys could not be. He was carried on to Rukavishnikovih until our apartment in the house of Elabukov. Of course, it wasn’t our fault that we didn’t tell the driver how to get it, assuming dad was_______786_______ how many times do children have apartments and tell the driver himself to take him to Noskovskaya Street, to the house in Elabukov, and apparently he forgot. {{the matter ended happily, only smart. in comment. .Factory inspectors N.Ya. Yezhov in Vyatka and died in the same apartment, BE house, Dyakonov, on Oskov street. After his death, factory. Inspector Bill Vasiliy Aleksandrovich Ba Ryshnikov. This is a very rare ѣ zdil for factory workers, continued to serve until the time of the revolution, and his service ended during the revolution, I did not know. From the moment the factory inspection was introduced, i.e. from. 1900, at all factories, and a lecture of 100 and more people, it was mandatory, at the expense of the plant management, that there should be a constant rest and constant felier and periodical observation, at least the first time in a day, of a doctor. Due to the envy, the workers provided free medical care, and for those who were illiterate, they received free literacy training. To observe the rest of the room and the medical attendants, we agreed with the Slobodsky government doctor, Andrey. Not kolaevich. The Leontiefs, who throughout all the ugly regions have witnessed deaths of dead corpses, of those killed or drowned, ’and the witness is recruiting in his presence when taking up military service. we hired a paramedic ourselves with the approval of the doctor Leon Tiev. Arranging for either primeval rest and for the falscher’s apartment from a wooden house. Doctor “A.N. Leontief prіzzzhal 2. times a month. For this, he seems to have been paid 300 or 500 rubles. year. In the evening Ekol for the workers, zemstvo teachers were engaged, and then the psalm lydik! Pavel Vasilyevich Pershinev. For busy we paid 50 kopecks. or ruble per lesson.one._______787_______CHAPTER 8. commercial work and social activities of I.A. Vakhrusheva.In 1904, many people turned 37 years old. This year my commercial work and social activities began more independently and fully consciously.When Ilawel and Stepan Fedorovichi were you Tiflis at Adele: Khanov in 1903 - dl, then ІPavel Fed. communicated G.G. Adele Khanov, that we are setting up a steam engine, we will grind the bark at home, and we will wash the leather in drums, and therefore we hope that the quality of the leather will improve. Grigory Grigoryevich Adelkhanov approve1Postanovka steam engine,but he admitted that it’s not enough just to grind the crust and rinse the skin with ash, it doesn’t improve the product and don’t cover the costs of maintaining Yaroy: machine and machine with it. Suggests an oval to put tanning drums and tanning leather after a bark oak in drums with extracts. Lord Paul troubles. Show drums in your factoryѣ for double soles. It’s necessary to give an address, from where to write out extracts and instructions, as well as to tan.Pavel Fed., Looked at the drums, thanked G.G. Adelkhanova said: “For now, I’m asking you to tell me more than once. Maybe I’m not sure about ala, and most importantly, I won’t be able to tell everything at home that you’re advised to take away, but it’s better to cut it off - after six months, I will again KE you come with Oimplemyan - nicknames E. He is literate with me and, I hope, all your advice to remember and to swon responsibility yourself will take care of this at home and introduce extract-drum tanning. " Adelkhanovretteone_______788_______the consent is given for us to sleep together when it is convenient for us.On the first day of March, 1904, I left the Don railway station. through Perm - Chelyabinsk. - Samara to Moscow.On the 2nd day we are Paul. F. from Moscow went typhus. When in 1903 Pavel and Stepan Fed. They waited, then they drove through the Caucasus Mountains along the Georgian Military Highway, which they thought was very scary, but also interesting. In 1904, when we went, then already to Tiflis there was a railroad through Baku, and we couldn’t pass and see the Georgian Military Highway by horse through the Caucasus Mountains. We reached Tiflis by rail.Before leaving home, I met with the inspector in the Zemstvo administration. Nicholas Paul. Kibardinimѣ and informed him that I didn’t go to Tiflis after a week. "If your spouse Anastasiya Alekseyevna wishes to send Bishop Alexyy a letter or a small parcel, then I will gladly take it, for I will definitely go to the Bishops to the Most Reverend when I am in Tiflis." N.P. Kibardini thanked me and told me about the strength to call in today or before departure .. I promised to stop in five days and asked to prepare everything in advance for sending. When I stopped by Kibardin five days later, Anastasiya Alekseevna met me joyful and very thankful that I kindly invited myself to deliver her letter and parcel. She prepared a letter and a small Vyatka birch bark beetle. Vyatka gingerbread - bench presses. on honey, and, most importantly, on the strength of words, to give the panai to the Bishop, bow to her and kiss her, and once again to say that they live in Slobodsky well, but only miss him.,_______789_______We pirіkhali in Tiflis on Saturday late in the evening. The next day, before the holiday, they did not kiss Adelkhanov. We went to the Cathedral, where to serve the liturgy. Georgia, His Eminence Alexy. In the cathedral, many failed to see the Lord, for he served. liturgy led by The priests, and I saw him only serving, but he, of course, did not hinder me from the number of worshipers. Having returned after the liturgy to the hotel, we had breakfast and rested zeros. Pavel F. refused to go with me to His Grace Alec and called me up by phone of the trusted Adelkhanov, Stepan Avetisovich Vartozaryants. I, taking a cab, had a good time at 4 o’clock one afternoon. Prіѣkhav in the apartment of the Exarch of Georgia, with a burachkom in the hand, I asked. a cell-keeper - a footman to report to Vladyka about my marriage with a letter from his daughter from Vyatka and distant the footman with his business card. The footman invited me to the first room, and he, using my card, sent to the hundred lord Vladyka. After about two minutes, Vladyka’s secretary came out of the dining room to the reception room and started to upset me: who, and how, conceived prichal in Vyatka. I did not have time to repel him, no more than a minute later, Vladyka himself would go out that door from the dining room, either in the open or under the clothes, and hold my business card in my hands. Quickly go to many. I give my hands for a blessing. He, graciously viviv me, hugged, kissed. Disagree: "Illet Alec Sandrovich, once respect." He took hold of my hands, led me into the table. “By what fate, when they arrived, for a long time, why didn’t they stop at me? Say where your luggage is. I’m not going to send the cell-man to transport everything here, given to you from -,_______790_______ a long room with all conveniences. "I handed a letter from Anastasiya Alekseevna Kibardina and a beetroot to Vyatka's testicles, and most importantly - in words about the strength to give a big bow and blossom for her and say that it’s amazing to be nice to Slobodsky well, but miss about you. Vladyka got up, said: “Thank you, let’s kiss again.” We kissed three more times. I just said that we arrived late last night. Together with my uncle, we stopped at the hotel and stayed for 10 days. Vladyka said: “Go and good: move to both of me, uncle, I will. You have a large room with two beds, you can eat and drink tea every day all together - you and many will be more fun. " The call to eat the cell-keeper and gives the order: “Take the hotel from iletra Aleksan Drovich’s address and immediately go and collect his luggage and uncle there and bring him here immediately.” I'm reversingyus: "Vladyka, it will be very inconvenient for you and for us: the guests will come to us - the Armenians are on business. lam. Sometimes we ourselves will come back late or leave too soon. All this will rest you, and we will. to worry about causing you trouble and disrupting your order of the day. Better to stay with us at the hotel, and if you wish, I will visit Vasya almost every day. " Vladyka thought and said: “You will have a separate room and an emergency separate exit. Let’s give it. You will have two rails - come and go as you like. But, if the Armenians come to you, it’s not very convenient I’m an apartment, and if it were Georgians, then it would be better, Well, good, stay in the hotel, but just come to your opinion if possible and drink tea and eat daily. And now, bye, yesrechin_______791_______bring the uncle here. "Vladyka turns to the cell-keeper:" Run and: bring his uncle to drink tea here. "I warned. Vladyka that the uncle seems to have come as a guest - they can hardly get through. But Vladyka, nevertheless, ordered the keleyn ѣkhat to try and bring it in. When the clergyman of Vladyka arrived at the hotel and arrived in room for Pavel Fed., he sat with Av. Pavel Fed. To drink tea now. Pavel f The unit said: “Thank you, I can’t go, I’ve got a good date.” S.A. The Vartazaryans intervened, saying: “No, I’m leaving now, I don’t have much time to sit today. I’ll come tomorrow, but you must run.” The Vartazarians asked the celetarian to wait in the lobby of the hotel, until lavel Fed. will change. Keleynik immediately left the lobby. Pavel Fed. to say to Vartazaryants: "What you are holding him back, I still won’t think: what to do, I don’t know how to talk to anyone, and not even anything. I only saw him and Vyatka once." S.A. Vartazaryants affirmatively stated that “Exarch of Georgia is the first person in Tiflis.” He honored to send your horses for you and ask you to be welcome, but you refuse - this is an insult to him. You will immediately change your clothes. that you refused, and tell the keleynik that they only detained him a little for me. Yes, I’ll talk to the keleynik yourself, and you, on behalf of Exarch, thank him for the honor, and thereafter I’m no longer Alexandrovich. he already find what he is talking about Apparently, they with the Lord know well_______792_______a long time ago, back in Vyatka. ”Indeed, after 30-40 minutes I had to bring the cellmates to bring Pavel Fed. To Bishop Aleksey. I introduced: him. Pavel Fed. drink tea. Vladyka begins to speak with himself: “Look, I’m jurying Peter Alexandrovich, that you didn’t both stay with me, but that you communicated that you would visit me every day, and therefore I ask Vasya: you both come to my opinion bite the bread and salt of Archie Reiskago. "Pavel Fed. was embarrassed and said:" You, Vladyka, are already talking about me Titus: I do not opyten unto these dѣlahi and old, and vot Peter. Aleksandrovich is younger than me; they are to visit Vasya for themselves and for me. Thank you for your location and for the invitation. We sat with the Lord for an hour. Tea served a little fish appetizer. When Vshadyki left Pavel Fedorovich and said: “Oh, how simple and gracious he was. I was afraid to go, not knowing how to talk to them, but it turns out he’s asking for everything and is interested in all of our affairs and all of Vyatichi, so for an entire hour or more we sat and talked - there was something to talk about. Before I’m happy, I’ll come along with you. " Indeed, before we left, we went to say goodbye, and, moreover, we were alone 2 or 3 times, and Vladyka persuaded me to stay with him to meet Easter and talk on Passion, but I said that Easter we should be in Moscow, and then soon go to Vyatka, for there are urgent matters. Vladyka prepared a fold for his daughter — an artist painted by the Tiflis painter — an icon on porcelain, and about the strength to take my daughter to Sloboda, together with a letter. The Lord's. Squeeze out Ti_______793_______we had to flee on the eve of Great Thursday. We are together with Pavlom Fed. We went kѣ Vladykѣ, posidѣli again for tea and pieces. On the road, he blessed us and handed over a letter and parcel for Anastasia Alekseevna Kibradina. Vladyka took the word that when you enter Tiflis, you will definitely visit him, but I no longer happened to Tiflis and consequently was very sorry that I did not stay with him until Easter. We will meet Easter either at the train station in Rostov-on-Don, we called out the car, prayed for the station icon, decorated on the occasion of Easter with flowers and burning candles and lamps, returned to the car and went again. Only on the 2nd day of Illashi arrived BE Moscow. On the second day of our arrival, we Monitors went to the factory in the city of Gg. Adelkhanov in the morning. We found him still at home Bb kvartirѣ for morning coffee with his wife and son. Pavel Fed. By introducing me to. Grig. Grig., Smiling by his wife and son. After coffee g. Adelkhanov said that these two days they will be very busy with their and urgent affairs, and from Wednesday they will deal with us with calculations and other matters. We went into S.A.'s apartment Vartazaryants introduced me to his family, and then. Var Tazaryans visited us almost every day.Starting from Wednesday, we visited the factories almost daily and in which G.G. Adelkhanova. To finish the calculations for the goods sent to our return from Vyatka, Adelkhanov steel itself will show many of its backwaters and bakeries, and all the machines for batch production. Then show tanning drums and how to tan them. !! and slѣduktsіy day we prіѣhali on plants little ranѣe naznachennago hours. G.G. Adelkhanov was busy in the office. I went through the drum separation and the beginning of the karan_______794_______dashem sketch unto commemorative book an iron armature bar and ban esterni. Ning through E. 10-15 years Adelkhanov came up to me from behind, looked down at the book, saying: “You do it well, but in vain: I will give you an illustrated catalog of the machine-building and construction factory of the German factory - everything is already completely painted there.” The next day, Nam Vartazaryants tells us that the owner really liked the serious attitude and great attention of Peter Alexandrovich to his friends: send him a hand and sketch out drums from nature. I just didn’t like that, without asking him, I started to draw it. Before departing by us Adelkhanovt was given all the price lists of machine-building plants and the price list of an extract plant with prices. Please indicate which extract for tanning the yurt should be written on the soft salon product, separately different varieties for crawling and special for the sole, repeatedly confirmed: "Strictly observe, start tanning the yurt with weak juices and after 1-2 hours, tighten them on a special thermometer, and the sole and half-shaft immediately with crème and juices, but after tanning the yuft, thoroughly rinse the front with a grease with warm water. " I wrote all this in my memorable book. Before leaving Tiflis, we handed home a telegram to Ivan N. Poludnitsin: order BE Kholunitsѣ or you at the Vyatka Zemstvo workshop immediately make models and all cast-iron castings for 2 drums for tanning yuft according to the illustrated catalog of the German Menus factory The cops were ready for my arrival. At the same time, we asked Adelkhanov to write B Germany to the extractive backwater to recommend our company, and we immediately ordered from Moscow.IK_______795_______ On May 21, we immediately sent for an extract - a factory test order for extracts for tanned yufti and putty.On the day of our arrival in Doskva, it turns out from the house of Stepan’s troubles. registered letter addressed to Pavel F. and Peter Al. Vakhrushev: I command you to leave the company, maybe send a warning for 6 months, but because I’m registered with this letter, I declare: I askе Іюля мѣ if possible, then andearlier. Receipt of this I ask many officially registered letters. or through notary confirm. Signature: Stepan Fed. Wahru Chevy ":Having received this letter, we were glad that sooner or later we had to share it with him, because at every step he cursed, to the detriment of the common cause, he himself did not show any initiative, if our suggestions were hesitated, whether there was a cam personal interest. But now it’s just a filed statement, leaving the company behind us. Pavel Fed. suggested that he should take the younger brothers with him. - Ivan and Vanilla. I explained nil that it is more profitable for us to have the younger ones staying on the ground for me, more so that they have gone out of custody, for complete neglect, they have left. If we all split in half, then banks and loans open to the company can be split in half, and after them private loans will decrease by half, which for us will be_______796_______it’s very difficult, but if Stepan is still leaving the company, then banks can leave the old loans unchanged, and open a small new loan for him, like a lonely one. Younger shih, we cannot forcefully remove from the company, while there is no claim from them. A year or two will pass, then we will see whether to keep them with you, or gradually extend them. Pavel Fed. I agreed with my arguments. We wrote Stepan to the Fed. registered letter that his refusal from the company or his statement to withdraw from the company, the following contents / fully and completely the text of his letter /, we accepted for compliance and for the fulfillment of his legal requirements. All raw materials bought at this rate and taken at a rate, within 5-6 months, will be completed with the delivery and delivery of goods for delivery, and all this will be submitted by the accounting report and presented to him, with the issuance of a part of the capital due to him. Remaining as a result of this, we take over the company debt, as well as the rest of the goods and materials at our own cost, we reserve it for ourselves, and you will pay him what is due in cash and money. From now on, on behalf of the company, all trading operations and loans will be made without his participation and without his liability for the consequences of operations and loans. Signed: Pavel Fed. and P.A.Vakhrushevs. Immediately sent a registered letter by mail to the village of Vakhrushevo, Stepan F. Vakhrushev. Our other written signatures were notarized at the Moscow office and left a copy certified by the notary at our letters. The next day, I left Doskva for going home through Sa Mara to Chelyabinsk - Perm - Vyatka, by train.Pavel f. advised me to stay a day_______797_______Ki Samar, according to Ivan Yakovlevich. The Chekmarevs, to find out what lot of raw materials he has and whether or not he wants to sell all or part of it to us now salted - or will it dry. If you wish to sell now, inspect and trade, or write to him in Moscow.When I arrived in Samara, I left my luggage at the wok hall, and in the morning I left at home I. Ya. Chekmarev. His house is not caught. Prikazchik was told that he had gone to the stock exchange, and from there, probably, to leave the inn, drink tea with sellers of raw materials, and ordered the clerk, if anyone asked, bring him an inn. I asked the clerk to take me to the inn. Prikazchik me about drove into the inn to the owner. I gave him my business card, said that “I’m a fool. Pavel Fed. Vakhrushev, a member of the company of the home of F.T. Vakhrushev, the sons of the son with whom you repeatedly led through Pavel Feodorovich. Now I’m saying Vyatka and we can eat Pavlov’s Fed rush or find out from you: what is available. You have a lot of raw materials and would you like to sell all or part of it to us now, raw-salty or will be dried. * I. Chekmarev unscrewed: I have up to 25,000 skin. If you want, I can sell everything, to bother a lot - to dry, and you will send v Vyatka with the first steamboats. Even Volskіe steamers without overload will undertake to deliver you to Vyatka. But if there is a lot of everything, then take one in half. Only then, perhaps, for 12,000 pounds, the Volga Shipping could not be sent to Vyatka barges - it would be necessary to load steamships in Vyatka and Sokolka in Kazan. Cekmare ransacked his cross._______798_______ mud riots of raw materials. Chest with three I have the power to throw many skin on 50-100. Then he said that to look seriously was to stop for a week or so, I was in a hurry to get into Vyatka. I asked him to assign a decisive price and conditions that he did. I wrote a detailed letter to Pavel Fedorovich about everything to Moscow and advised him to immediately get to Samara, seriously look and buy. "In my opinion, I think that the price is right and the product is good, but if you think that the whole pair of 25,000 leather is great for some, then invite half or a third of the Parfenovichi to the company." We won the tavern with. Екekmar вы ’and I said goodbye to him, saying that I had informed all of Il'avl Fedorovich and advised him to come here personally. I hope that it’s not too late after 5-6 days to come here, and you, if you don’t interfere, talk to him before his arrival. Volga steamers - whether they take out. to Vyatka and under what conditions, so that descendants would not be delayed. When is Pavel Fed. come, you tell him that the delivery is secure, then he will not be afraid of the risk that he will not be able to send it soon. .I AM. Chekmarev agreed, saying: "Today I myself will find out all this and, in addition, I will write to Pavel Fed in wax." saying goodbye to. Chekmarevym, I took a cab and asked him to take me to the city 2-class school, which I had an address. When I arrived at the school, I appeared at the apartment of the caretaker - teacher Dmitriy Alexandrovich Sokolov, from whom I studied at Slobodsky and the final course. I have not caught his house. I was interrupted by his wife, Anna Dmitrievna. I ask: "Anna Dmitrievna, I recognized Vasya. Do you recognize me?" She hesitated, silent. I'm down_______799_______ give her your business card. At this time, come - Sam Dmitriy Al.Sokolov. She turns to him, shows my card and says: “Look, one of your disciples is from Sloboda prichal, Do you recognize him.” Dmitry Alexandrovich til: "I would probably know." “They invited me into the living room, both of whom began to question, as well as conceive Samal and for a long time.” They began to ask about Slobodsky and about acquaintances, personally about our business and about my activities. I told that ѣ zdil BE I’ll buy Samara Chekmareva, and then, through Ufa and Chelyabinsk, I’ll go home to my family, I have a wife and already 7 people. I ask: “But Vakiv blue Niko Lai, which you took away from Slobodsky where now.” It turned out they were already studying at university vie Petersburg. Having stayed with the assimilated former teacher, he drank goodbye, and said goodbye. Yes . Al.So kolov thanked me for the memory and for the appreciation and said: "This is your first of my Slobodsky’s apprentices, remembered many things and posed me. Glad for you, that you are a good family man and good business man. I have always been about you such an opinion, I’m sure that you will come out to be a good businessperson. Bow to me. I’m all in Slobodsky, who else to remember us, and if you’ll accidentally again be Samar, please go to the old people, but it seems that I’m soon in I’ll resign after old age. " Father D. A. Sokolov, I went straight to the train station, pick up my luggage from the store, and two hours later, at the next. passing train to Chelyabinsk. - Siberia, we left to Chelyabinsk with a transfer to Perm-Vyatka. I didn’t spend the night in Samara, only ten hours left. Successful business_______800_______ n.p. Chekmarev and our former friendly teacher.Pavel red., Having received my letter in “Loskva”, immediately you ѣkhal v Samara, examined the raw materials from Iv.Yak Chekmareva and bought it. A Chekmarev already conspired with a small steamship Volyaskom, who gave his barge to take it, that to take it to Sokolov behind his steamboat and transferred it to Vyatka at the shipping company, which was brought to Vyatka or Slobodsky with an obligation to return the barge to Sokolki to the water Вь рѣкѣ Вяткѣ. Agreed freight. The route from Samara to Vyatka stretched in half between the Volzhsky and Vyatka shipping companies, to which already the oligarch of the Vyatka shipping company, from Kazanskago Bulychesko agent Alexander Stepanovich Kle pizonov, received a telegram of consent. Immediately Pavel Fed. when he loaded himself, he loaded all the raw materials into the barge and set off, making I.Ya. Chekmarev’s calculation, and ѣuhal in Kosvu.Returning home, I learn that Ivan Peak. Half a day I had not yet ordered a cast-iron drum cast, I was afraid to take the risk so that the error didn’t come out for the first time - that’s not right. First of all, I vigorously took up the business of manufacturing two tannins of drums, because the extract from abroad had already been sent and was on its way, and documents had already been received from abroad by mail. I showed Iv.Nik.IIoludnitsyn y according to the German catalog of Maine, what kind of drums and sizes are needed and then I left him to solve and order immediately cast-iron from you, urgently, no matter what. I.N. 11 almonds poihal in Kholunitsy catalogs. There is definitely an explanation of how you need it. I had to send special models at our expense. During the course of a month, all cast iron ebbs, cogging wheels, gears and stands, everything was done for 2_______801_______ drumsѣ and sent to us in the backwater. And at home for that month Bobinskie cans prepared the wooden parts of the drums and assembled them. In the corridor, we divided the room in half. from the side to the plants. Stepan Fed. Half have adapted for the crusher, putting. there are disintegrators for crushing crust, and the opposite half of the lower - floor went to install 2 tanning drumsѣ; prepared the foundation for the drums. When you brought the cast-iron from you from Kholunitsy, immediately set the drums to the place. The steam boiler and machine were already installed and working; for core crusher and skin flushing. At the same time, extracts from abroad came. We started to make a test tanning with extracts of half-shaft for cartridge bags. The result was good. Skin 10 was removed from the glossy half-shaft; samples of it were immediately sent to Mo Squa. I wrote to Pavel f. letter - Show samples at the Intent Dental Warehouseѣ and, if you find our product suitable for cartridge bags, then try to take a sample of a small contract for cartridge bags and other ammunition items. The master for the manufacture of ammunition items at my place already has a condition - Volkovskogo parish of the peasant Feodor. Give / Pegash was his nickname, and all his name was /. He had previously worked on amm unique things as a manager of Fofonov on Demyanka and Ilya Tim. , but now there was freedom and he came to repeatedly offer many of his services for the maintenance of an ammunition workshop, but I didn’t really rely on him, but still he wasn’t completely refused and did not firmly communicate. I told him that I’m writing to. Moscow and, if you can take a bag contract, then I will invite him. By the way, show him_______802_______Our glossy half-shaft and demand - whether our half-shaft is suitable for bags. a half-fall of Ilyich or Fofonov. Fyodor Pe gash, looked, said that our half-shaft is even better than the photos of Novskago and Ilyich, but for bags you can only go to the shorter parts “haz”, and use the floors and doors to wear either soft boot goods on the shafts, or on the trainers and harnesses. at Ilyich’s, the horse parts were pulled out from the large horses at the time of tanning from a 3rd or 4th oak and retaned them separately, especially for the glossy scaffold, and the trimmed and collars continued to be tanned with small and leather skins for the picture and shafts. And when it was necessary half-shaft gates for natopornikov, they tanned the half-shaft with solid horses. By sorting in chanakh skin and tearing out oguzkov directly, the cutter was Alexei Konstantinovich Nosov, who now has to cut yurt leather for you. You will ask him, by the way, and ask a lot of questions. Talking with A.K. Nosov, I wrote everything in detail to Moscow to Pavel Fedorovich. He indicated that at the same time as cartridge bags he took a little contract on the thistles, waist and overcoat belts and harnesses. Soon a telegram was received that not much to take a small bag and other things. The commissariat found the sent images of our half-shaft in full compliance with the requirements of technical testing and description. Samples and oli sanіya of any amm of unique things are sent by mail. "Prepare fully the work and all the adaptations, first of all, cartridge bags." I called Fedor Ivanovich Pegash and Ivan N. Poludnitsyn, saying f. Pegashu: "Let us now equip the amm uniqn workshop at the basement floorѣ, and once the tales_______803_______ vayte I.N. Poludnitsin what you need to prepare for the manufacture of cartridge bags. "It turned out that you only need a cast-iron press with quick screws and a honey box and a honeycomb insert to press the bags. All this is done by the Vyatka Zemstvo workshop and even have ready-made models for it. several Singer sewing shoe-making shoe machines for drinking blanks of bags, that is, a bag with a lid to be connected with a leather hinge, and nothing more. Buttons for bags, are cast in Slobodskoy, Slobodskoy venice Nin. Ivan Nikolay take it easy and take it yourself and deliver it thousands of times, but also Ilyich delivered a button for two more games, Titan Afanasyevich, but it was not very difficult, you can make it yourself at home with machine locks. Let’s sharpen the buttons ourselves, but I said that for now we’ll try to take from Sokovnin and then we will see. ”I believe that your workshop will have a lot to do for more serious things. Protelefonirov val Vyatka to the zemstvo workshop to the manager Alexander I {and Kolaevich Chistyakov. He asked: “Can you immediately make two presses for cartridge cases for me ћ: 0 for your models ѣ. Same as you did for Ilya Timofeevich Vakhrushev.” He said that these are ordinary presses with a fast screw and a honey box. They did not recommend this model itself and they were satisfied. "For Vasya, of course, I will try to make it out of turn, I will postpone another one, but I will do this for you this week." He telephoned to the shop. Singer, asked the manager Solomon Solomonovich - and whether the sheath heavy glanders glide oyany cars. He averted that_______804_______ there is only one, but in the course of a week another 10 or 20 sh. I asked to leave this one for us, and when the rest is blown up, then to notify me - I will take a few more, and I will take this one tomorrow. I wrote a letter to Slobodskoy Soko - brought a thousand or two buttons for a sample of cartridges and try to talk - whether he could deliver the buttons to us simultaneously with the delivery of Ilf Timі. Sokovnin the next day appeared with buttons and assured me that if necessary, they would increase production and deliver though a million buttons, at the same price at which it delivers other devices. I give him a small additional order for now. Aleksey Kon.Nosov was ordered not to tear out rumps every day when pouring leather into a can, just like I had it from Ilya Tim., But not only from 4th oak, but even from 1st, 2nd, and so on . We quickly went to work cucumber, began to tear out daily at 60-100, and for one day retanning them in the drum with extract. After that, after I-2 days, I split off into a glossy semi-shaft. At the time of arrival from Moscow, exemplary and description of the ammunition things, the ammunition workshop was already fully equipped in our country. Go up the office in the basementальном, the same A.K. Nosov cut a cartridge bag and didn’t press it, but at the top, in one corner of the office, they scribbled it on carsѣ and then Fedor Pegash distributed them sewing in the villages to the coming girls and women. At first, we were afraid that there might not be enough skilled craftsmen to sew. For Ilya Tim. they didn’t distribute the villages, but the girls and women sewed at the workshop at the factory, but it’s more convenient for them to drink until they work and work at home with the whole family, teach one another. Oka_______805_______ It seemed that their earnings on the thread of ammunition things turned out to be very interesting, in comparison with other things. Hundreds of people began to come to work every day and stood in line waiting for II. The first manufactured bags we sent to Moscow with great speed. Presented them in the Moscow clothing store. Dentsky warehouse for change. Our competitors were sure that we, never handing bags, at our own risk. They took a decent amount, not the name of the ready glossy half-shaft and the equipped workshop, expected that we couldn’t complete the contract and got a penalty, and if we did, it would be so bad that the whole lot would be rejected. When we presented the first batch for delivery, our competitors, entrusted to Fofonov, Til and Dement, and Dmitry Ilyich Vakhru shev, came to see what the product was and how it would be accepted by the mother, or the whole thing. Prior to them, the quartermaster's technics about the knowledge and found the bags in all respects are air-conditioned. The members of the preliminary commission began to accept. Dmitry Ilyich come up to the senior member, the officer and ask: “You can watch. * Officer unscrewed:“ Please look, admire, the bags are luxurious. ”Dmitry Ilyich took, turned his hand and unscrewed:“ Yes, they look good, but in a week fall apart - a half-shaft is hollowed out in drums with vitriol. oil, and this is a quarterly description and technical requirements are unacceptable. "The officer said to him:" That you yourself, Dmiry Ilyich, have not been blotted out. It is possible that the slug would not be detected during technical investigation. This part of our quartermaster’s technique has made it possible to conclude that the product is in all respects conditional. Yes, we ourselves are vi_______806_______DIMѣ that such a product hasn’t been delivered to us ONE by the supplier. I advise you to learn how to make the bags yourself. "Dmitriy Ilyich apologized to the officers and immediately left the house with trusted other breeders.” The clerk turned to our trusted vendor and said: “It’s nice to your competitors that they are afraid that now it will be difficult for them to deliver their rubbish after your good. But I also read 4 in a good lecture so that they would not stick their nose in someone else’s business. "Having handed over the first batch of bags without any marriage, Pavel F. informed me of the result and requested that if the amm unified items are much more profitable than the boot goods, then expand the business - we can take additional contracts as long as you like. I replied that so far we can tan koyo1 00 150 daily for 2 drums of a half-shaft. I also ordered a press and sewing machines - take those bags a thousand and one hundred, at the same time other amm unique things, but except for cabaret - the last work is slow. To sample cab ur take a little - 2 or 3 thousand. There are a lot of working hands on bags and belts.It was soon presented at the Moscow District. Quartermaster of the bidding of one thousand and a half bags and other amm unique things. Ilawel Fed. percent interest. 80 bagsѣ and belts and natoprnikov, and percent. 10 holsters. Everything else went to all the rest of the contractors. during this time I added five more stamping presses for bags and a dozen.Singer cars. To help Fedor Pegash put Vladimir Dimitrovich Nosov to distribute seamstresses to the sewing village and. clothes from ready-made bags and other bagscabbage soup._______807_______ During this time, Vladimir Serge. Khilin. prіkhal iz Petropav. lovska, and then the wife of si dмиmi came to him. They are arranged. or live in your home in the village of Uspensky. You adjusted through V.S. or for the work of all ammunition things in the village of Uspenskoye, under supervision. V.S.Zhilina, who took us away every day from Otu and pressed bags, and there we distributed sewing in our villages and received ready-made ammunitionNya Vedi. Most of all B-UPRNSKO ME ILK belt and overcoatbelts that were more convenient for transportation. The work of the ammu of nice things thanks to drum extract tanning went quickly and on a large scale. When next, the commissar is stricken. all other suppliers of ammunition items began to be reckoned with us as the main competitors, and they themselves began to invite us to extend the contract for all peacefully equally or, to the extent possible, to develop, and not so much as who could grab. They willingly understood this, because, having the ability to make them faster, no one argued if we sometimes demanded the lion's share of some varieties.ІІ delivery of shoemaking goods to the Quartermaster was also sex. factory productivity, like other breeders.Half of April of the month of 1904, ice went to the Vyatka River, and at the end of April the Bulychev Shipping Company delivered us a Vyatka skin bar from Samara and informed us: “Try to take out all the goods during the week.” The barge was set up to Makaryu and released directly from the barge. I announced a price to the village clerk for transporting a penny two times more than normal, - they rushed to carry horses 50-100 daily. But as soon as this time came, it was time to plow the land and sow the balland_______808_______ smaller and oats, then all the same during the week they could not take out all 25,000 leathers. After a week, the water began to decrease at a speed, warning us that the remaining skin could be unloaded on the city coast of the Vyatka river, near the Bulychevsky wharf, and it would be possible to bring it in without rushing, at any time, and the barge would be sent back to Sokolki tomorrow, otherwise the water would still subside, then you can’t take the empty bar, it is very deep to sit, because it is adapted to sail along the Volga, and not along the river Vyatka. The rest of Samara’s skin from Vyatka we had to be taken to the backwater already when, when the water in the river was asleep and the Roma began to walk to Dymkovo.Regarding the declaration of Stepan Fed. about the way out of the trading house, upon returning from Moscow, I saw my acquaintance. П.P. Svantorzhetskiy, showing him the statement of Stepan B. and ours to take away and asked him if we needed to do anything else to cut off the Fedan Stepan. all from step. E.II. Svntorzhetsky, viewing, said that everything with us is framed correctly. “You only by voluntary agreement, personally depending on you, could accept it back, but if you don’t want it, then don’t do anything to him. And you will argue, according to your reply, to finish the delivery of goods purchased with his participation. Finish delivery to the treasury of goods, submit a full report, sign all remaining firms, members of the trading house and an accountant. Send it via notary or registered mail, providing five days for examination and inspection. After this period, consider that you report without objection nyat and approval, and I owed him the sum schuyusya fill in his name B banks. Kvitantsіyu on the outside_______809_______the hay amount is also bound through Notarius or by registered letter with the same declaration. For now, just mail me the statement that Stepan F. leaves the trading house, and therefore send all correspondence addressed to the trading house to the remaining firms that have been inherited by Fyodor T. Vakhrushev, but besides Stepan F. W your office should get this I declared that all hearing and persons contacting companies for business would appeal directly to those remaining in the fi rm members, with the exception of Stepan Fed. "I did all this exactly, and I announced that you were posted to the office, adding that living and working until now numbered for services at the trading house of F.T. Vakhrushev’s sons, without any excuses remain at the services of the company, but to this day they should not fulfill any orders without the permission of the rest of the company’s managers. If anyone wishes go to the service personally to Stepan Fed., then there will be no trading house, but, according to the factory rules approved by the factory inspector, you must declare to leave the company in two weeks. Not a single worker or a listener took advantage of these, no one left, all remained unused, i.e. in the shopping.MOVE.fromIvan Fed. and Vasiliy Fed. that was offered to confirm in writing whether they would like to immediately stand out with Stepanov Fed., or alone alone, or wish to stay with us at the trading houseь. Both of them stated in writing that they remained in the company on the previous foundations and joined our response sent by us to Stepan b. from Moscow, by agreement, to extend it no later than the 1st of July of this year. We sent Stepan b. certifiedI AM_______810_______ new copy and eat this piece of paper, registered mail. Stepan Fed., Receiving the whole of us all of the above - to abolish and declare - stubbornly lingered on, hoping that it would be difficult for us to extrude him and we would come to him to persuade him to cancel his application to leave the company. But 2-3 weeks have passed since my return from Moscow — I don’t come to him and not a single telegram or a letter addressed to the company comes to him. They turned to the postal and telegraph chief of the local postal office - why shouldn’t he still be given the telegrams addressed to Fedorovich, as well as another postal address addressed to F.T. Vakhrusheva c. The chiefs of the department showed him our statement, sent to him through a notary from the company, and then added that the last time from Kosovo telegrams were not available to Fedorovich, all telegrams are addressed to Peter Vakhrushev. Stepani F. Pohal VE Vyatka kv notarius E.P. Svin Torzhetsky to find out whether such actions of the company in relation to him are legal - to hide from him all correspondence until they have finally left the company. The notary explained to him that, on the basis of the sent to him, the firmon rejected that, from the moment it was submitted, it was announced that he would leave the company, remaining in the company, he would continue to take care of him and take all material and legal responsibility, all that they now again, he does not have the right to demand that he be acquainted. Therefore, apparently, all new correspondence is hiding from him, and while you are participants in the development and sale of old goods, they do not have the right to hide from you and cannot forbid you to take stock of the backwater until these goods are sent. As for accounting reporting_______811_______With regard to the goods in which you are still a participant, you also have the right to demand the interest of Vasya svѣdѣnіya and documentary evidence, but you are not deprived of the right and, when you receive the report, appeal that you find that you were not sent correctly without Vasya, to the detriment of Your interest. * Stepan F. asked: "What could I do if I wanted to stay in the firm again." Notarious to him, he announced: "You can’t do anything now - you cut off all the ways yourself, and they closed it or with your own official responsibility. Now it’s only that if you can peacefully persuade them to return your statement to you and cancel them. leave everything as before. Or finish the section, and then create a new company with them. " Stepan b. said: * I wait, come from Moscow You Pavel F., then I hope everything will be settled: during the howl, it is inconvenient and unprofitable for them and for me. "Until Stepan B. did nothing, and even you didn’t go backwater and did not meet with me.ѣtom, v а a mѣsyatѣ, Pavel F. prіѣҳal dodoy, and at 11oc ѣ remained Alexѣ Ilavl., who had already begun to work independently, i.e. sell goods and take contracts and conduct all trading operations related to our company in the Moscow office. Съ пріѣз дом. Paul. home, we discussed what we need for factory workers and for workers it is imperative to build single-handedly at their own expense houses for apartments and for barracks. Then, with us, the raft by no means entrusted the settlement of Sloboda with the bourgeoisie the Seed of the Fed. Vi heve, quality of the contractor. Having consulted with the Aiyevs, we immediately set about building 2 houses on the highway. On the tillage strip belonging to Ivan Fed., Put one house_______812_______ and the second, such de dol., Was delivered through І.0 or 15 soot. on the stripѣ belonging to us, i.e. Alexander and Pavel Fedor., But this was not enough. We proposed: Ilyicham and Ivanovich’s co-priest to arrange a 10th street of width 10 behind the church to the forest. For this, Ivanovich retreated 5 soot. along the entire strip, and we retreated 5 saya. along the entire strip to the line, and also next to us was the Ilyich strip, then we agreed with them - divide the lengthwise stripes into 4 single places, facing the new street. They called the foreman and the clerk from the Stulov volost, drew up sentences of Selensky in full legal form, distributed the half of Ilyicham along the entire street, and the other half to Alexander and Pavel Fed. All of them, by law and voluntarily agreed, signed and the volost authorities attested. We built two wooden two-story houses on our Odvoritsy, the same as on the highway. All this still seemed to us a little. Ilavlu F. came up with the idea that the inhabitants - the landlord of the village of Rusanovsky should be evicted from the mountains to practice and that they be built along the highway with our rural buildings on the side of the road, then it would show how one long village, stretching almost on verst. This is brightened up, and a new courtyard has arrived to build even a new plant. For we suggest that we liberate the mountain, we can sell us 100 rubles. for the odnoritsa, so that with this money to the owners, the owners would transfer their money to the tract to their new courtyards, formed from a strip of arable land, but 100 rubles, of course, they don’t have enough - we will help them to take another look Yes, diME rubles for 100 or 200 loans for a bill or receiptone._______813_______ CE with a payment of five without E percent. I agreed. General Ya. Pavel f. were negotiating with Rusanovtsy. We liked this offer of ours, because when the church of our village appeared on the highway, they themselves dreamed, if possible, of driving out to the tractor. Immediately they made a public gathering with the volost authorities or rural old schools. From - they led themselves, first of all, to each landlord, from arable land on a spare yard. To do this, the law requires consent of at least two-thirds of the homeowner, counting from the number of all homeowners. They readily agreed to this, especially the little family unanimates, i.e. for whom there is only one male owner, and he must have arable land for one soul and give pay with one soul, and the same place should be given to him the same size as the Multi-Family, which is beneficial for a lonely one, and families It’s not profitable for anyone that there is more to leave his pillow land. But because of the multi-family sentence, Mikhail Mikhailovich Rusanov and Vasily Matvichievich Rusanov signed the sentence, and only Ivan Prokofievichy Rusanov refused to sign. Two-thirds happened without him. They wrote a sentence that they should take 12 new doors on the highway, 6 on each side of the road, 20 dignity each. in the length of the tract and 30 fathoms in depth. All this was signed and submitted to the zemstvo chief for approval. In the same verdict, they wrote that all the land that was being cleared was driven up by the old doors, the left side of the road off the road in the direction of the river, sold to Alexander and Pavel Fed. Va Khrushev for 1200 rubles, i.e. 100 rubles each to every landlord. After a few days, arrival in the village of Rusanovsky zemsky_______814_______chiefѣ 1: ikhail Semenovich dovgyallo. Check steel when speaking. During this time, Ivan Prokofievich began to persuade many state-owned families to demand 100 rubles each. per capita, but not home, because go up the new courtyards of our land to move more - from us to 5 souls, and from them one at a time, we should get 500 rubles each, and they each 1000. Vasiliy Tatvievich Rusanov, who’s here, joined to him, and Mikhail Sergeyevich Rusanov, the name is 5 souls, said: “I have already prayed to God and the word is far, I won’t back off - I don’t want to show my sons a bad example so that they don’t remember me that we had five fathers, t .e. did not keep his word. " But to Ivan Prokofievich Rusanov one more odnodniknik joined, Galaktion Aleksevich Rusanov and Mikhail Prokofievich Rusanov, i.e. to take Ivan Prokofievich, and father-in-law of Mikhail Prok. The last steel was to motivate “I agreed then, I thought that everyone would agree, but Ivan disagrees and rebels me and persuades me that, as a relative, I support him - it’s not convenient for me to sign against him his wishes”. It turned out for us that two-thirds did not go out, and most importantly, Galaktion Alekseyevich Rusanov’s courtyard was the first from the road, the longest on the front of the road, and it is on the left side of the village, passing orders to sell it. Zemsky chief L.S. Dovgyallo compiled a protocol; those who agreed - signed, but not agreed, refused the whole sign. Going to: Slobodskaya, I.S.Dovgylllo told me that this is not the first time he has met a peasant among such cases: today he signed it, he agreed, and tomorrow he thought it over and refuses to sign it, you won’t force it. lipoli lasted 2-3 days - to come and ask for help - let's sign it / is afraid that they will manage without it /. "If GalactіonTTTT_______815_______ A.Rusanovѣ to decide to subscribe, then you try to contact him and we will write an additional act, and I’ll condemn him. the words. He is a lonely man, his sons are not, only the daughter of Evoky, who lives in a monastery. Samі Galaktі onӣ and his wife are old. We leave it to him to live at home until the death of his wife and daughter, and only immediately give up the back half of the courtyard to us, which they are busy in the garden with a fathom of 20 along the path, since all of its courtyard along the path was forty fathoms. If he needs for the gardener, then we will give him for use for free the same amount of square footage on the side of his house, in the direction of the river. GalaktionAl, saying: “My son-in-law Michael wasp waits for me at home, that it’s not good to change the word, and the nun Avdotyushka got married with Mother Superior, so her Mother Superior doesn’t be afraid of anything, to make any agreement with him. Alexander. , she said that they wouldn’t wish you anything bad, and that they would promise to do everything according to Divine, and Vasya wouldn’t hurt you. I agree, I will sign, spoil for Vam not I’ll go away. " I immediately suggested that he go with me to Slobodskaya. We drove into the volost government, invited me to fight with the volost clerk Nikolai Fokevich Kudryavtsev. Irіkhav b Slobodskoy, we went into the Trebilov hotel on Glazovskaya street tsѣ, took a separate room. Asked N.F. Kudryavtsev write on behalf of Galaktion Al.Rusanov a statement to the Zemsky chief that today they are ready to confirm this consent, expressed_______816_______complete the sentence, and write me to Galaktion Al, the obligation was granted to him, his wife and daughter Evdokia, for life to use part of his former courtyard and the house on it. , but without the right of perestroika, as well as to allocate to him for the gardener the appropriate amount of land close to his house, fertilize the land thoroughly with his own means. All this is a mile and signed. We won at Trefilov’s hotel in a chic way, Eat fish pie, add some fried and Guryev porridge. At the same time Galaktion Al. put it, that for the first time in my life, I’ve been too much. He asked me to take the remaining kansh with me for a hundred rubles. I ordered the footman to add kaki and pie and chicken, pack everything in a box, and we often drink tea here, so that we can prepare half a bottle of rum. All three went to the zemstvo chief M.S. Dovgyallo, they showed him all the documents we wrote. Viewing, he approved of them, compiled a new act, which G.A. Rusanov signed. Zemsky on. the governor sent his conclusion and said: “Now everything is finished. I’ll send the landlords of the Rusanovskoye village a week later I will approve the sentence and you a copy from this. , you can take the purchased land and pay them money. " Once again I went to Tretylov’s, we drank tea, congratulating one another on the purchase and a happy and happy ending. Gal. Al Namshilshil, said that he’s very glad that while he is alive, half of the courtyard remains in his use, just like a mountain ash, i.e. a large mountain ash tree remains in its halfѣ, and up with this tree, up a mountain ash, let’s rest in the afternoon, he said, like Avra_______817_______am righteous. Having received the official document from the zemstvo chief, we began first of all to fence off half of Gal's yard. Al Rusanova to the mountain ash. Leaving him a rowan tree for his pleasure, they immediately set, for that reason, where his garden was, a two-story wooden house. 9 soot. lengths and 3 sai. width and porch. This house was my purchase through Dmitriy Iv. Vorobyeva in the village of Vsesvyatsky is a former private peasant school, leased to the zemstvo by a levy school. It seems we bought it at the place for 300 rubles, but rafting, you cart and replaced the rotten one with a new one, increased by several rows in height — replaced the upper window frames and jambs with new ones, and put the old foundations down, brought up the brick foundations — increased the cost of the house’s bridge 10 times. In total, it cost us about 3,000 rubles, and it would hardly cost more to build a new one for us.Rusanovtsy landlords began to gradually move to the tract, during 2-3 years everyone left. The most recent left Vasily Matvichievich Rusanov. He hoped that we would give him a secret a few hundred rubles separately, because the bridal place, without the consent of the landlord himself, could not be taken away or given away, and since Vasily L. Rusanov was on check! - Ski and the boss. Although his signature was refused, the verdicts were sent to the new courtyard, although two-thirds of the householders had the approval and the courtyard assigned to him by the villagers by lot, was assigned to them, and the old one until it was opened and voluntarily restarted, no one entitled to force him. Vasiliya Mat. Rusanova had such a reason: if the Vakhrushevs decided to buy up all the land from the heights of the village, then it’s not in vain,_______818_______Apparently he had a need to build something on this land, some kind of factory. The costs are already 1,000 or 2,000, come the moment to build the factory, then you have to drink my odnoritska / he knew that without his consent it cannot be relocated to a new odoritsa, then you will give Vakhrusha one thousand rubles in secret; but in the calculations he was mistaken - we had more patience, than V.L. Rusanov, we began the construction of the tract. When we built the house on Galakt and she Al.Rusanov’s courtyard, we handed him over to the apartment of the bailiff, as mentioned above, because when applying for the transfer of the bailiff from that Tarskago Karina of the Yaroslavl volost to our village, we then committed to provide the bailiff to first three apartments. Next, we are in parallel with the house, built on Galaktionova odvoritsѣ ,. built a two-story wooden house. Sazhen 15 lengths and 4 1/2 soot. width, s 12 apartments, especially for office workers and the factory. When the Rusanovs moved to the tract, some suggested that we buy their houses in the old house, where they could still not be shaken, but with this money they would build a new path on the highway, of course, with our help. Thus, we bought a hut from Pyotr Stepanovich Trushkov for 200 rubles, and we loaned him 300 or 400 rubles. He added twice as much to his old hut and transferred to Rusanov’s yard, this is a kitchen for workers, and in the factory, it’s under the kitchen they took to expand the ash area. They also bought old huts from the widow of Kozma Ivan. Rusanov and at the Autonomus Alekseevich Rusanov, having paid 500 rubles each and still borrowed. They built stone houses on the tract. The widow of Kozma Ivanovich built a one-story stone in 2 rooms,four_______819_______ A Avtonom Alekseevich Rusanov built a two-story stone building with 4 rooms. In their old houses, we provided apartments for family employees: Sergr Ivanovich Byakov with his family and Anto Anisimovich Nosov with his family. When the Rusanovs called for their new homes at the end of the construction, they made a housewarming party. They invited the church clergy with icons, served a prayer service in the ѣ new home ’, and later served tea. For each of us, we went for housewarming in the quality of honored guests, you presented us with a gift of a pound of funeral tea, Easter cake and a hostess’s dress of unstable mother’s dress. Everyone was given the same thing, so that they would not have envy and resentment. Finally, she finished. Queue up. Vasily Matvievich. He didn’t have enough patience. When all of you got out, he remained at the lowest end, urki. In winter, no one goes there, doesn’t go, falls out big, then it became very difficult for him and his family to go out or recognize the shady on the path: it’s impossible to drive through a path or path. He himself came to us to confess, began to ask for an apology that he had listened to the repetition of the rich neighbor Ivan Prokof. and he counted on extortion to get more from us all, but he recognized his stupidity and asked to forgive and forget, and helped him in the same way as the other neighbors helped. We arranged for an official transfer to us from the old courtyard and, just like his other neighbors, helped him to get on the tract and gave him the necessary amount in the form of a loan, and we went to him for housewarming and prayers with the same gifts. When all the land we bought from the Rusanovs was freed, we prepared a brick and, lined up on the banks of the Ohovitsa river, on Rusanovskaya land, a large stone building, 2-story, 20 or 25 length_______820_______ fathom, suggesting that after the last fathom 30-40 farther from it, in the direction of the path to build another stone 2-story building, I’ll count so that gradually we have a second tannery back in stock, i.e. two brothers - Alexander and Pavel F. so that although there is something common, but two factories. So far, but. in the built-up building ѣ on Rusanovskaya Odoritsори we placed in the upper floor of the bedroom for single workers, i.e. for those who live at the factory without a wife and no children, the lower floor ѣ half had ashtrays for the future factory and set the floor. As a result of this assistance, the boarding office was temporarily opened, i.e. they dyed, fattened and made hoods in front of them - a head for a soldier’s dagger, when a shoe factory was equipped with us for making soldier’s boots. But about that. more will be. It is reported below.. Before moving houses on the road. Rusanovtsy, for them we dug a good well on the tract on the left side of the tract, counting along the road from Vyatka to Slobodsky, among them there were new entrances, as I had to disconnect between the houses of Mikhayla Sergeevich and Avtonom Alexeyevich Rusanov. We arranged the second colossus at Galaktionova Odvoritsѣ, i.e. on purchased Ot Galakt iona Al. Rusanova land for the use of persons living in the houses we have newly built: to the bailiff and all employees, living in a wooden 2-storey long building with 12 apartments, and for the dining room and for the spa, the well located near us was well a hundred fishing, which was still our day of dispensation for the inhabitants of the Rusanovskaya village, at the initial resolution I was opened_______821_______Tanneries at the time / in the village of Kalozavalinskaya. For by law it is impossible to build tanneries with only one small river below the factory, two versts apart, there are villages with inhabitants who use water from this river for drinking and food, and therefore, around 1854, it’s great ours, Timofei Anfimovich, entered into agreement with the inhabitants of the village of Rusanovskaya, arranged a well in the middle of the village, and they, on their part, sentenced him not to interfere with the device in the village of Nalozavalinsky factory, since they do not continue to use the river Mokhovitsy don't be on z0 vatsya. In exchange for this for them. T.A. Vakhrushev, according to their desire, a well is arranged.As for being at the time of hiring a new one in the factory on the tract, on common land. Partenovichi, a wooden house with a mezzanine for an accountant’s apartment, we bought half of the property from the Parfenovichi’s house and moved it to the middle of our factory yard, on the left side of the sidewalk going from the tract to the factory. But they added the lower floor of brick to raise this small houseѣ. Thus, he ended up at two of the same Mesanine, or two and a half floors. II opposite this house, on the border Parfenovichi, we built a huge small laboratory for the storehouse of measles, fathoms of 35 or 40 lengths and fathoms of 7 or 8 widths and fathoms of 5-6 height; on the side and bottom of the soft end at the bottom there is a large gate for entry and exit with large carts for horses, while the upper end of this storehouse “opened a warehouse and gates - wide and high up the roof itself; through the whole crib, have a suspended balcony through the entire length in the middle of the crib, in this way. smuggling_______822_______the measles drove up the shed under the roof and could go to the opposite side, the Lower end of the shed, overturned to one side or the other and the measles already fell on their own place, sometimes raising the roof itself - the carrier does not have to transfer ? and lift it onto the pile, which greatly accelerated and facilitated the work of the carriage during transportation. The second relief for the removal of measles or easier for the carriage of measles was that we and some of them were equipped with an American hundred centimeters weighing platform, which we take up and without lifting the horse, weighs up for 2-3 minutes, without any physical labor on the part of the carter. In all plants there are more balance weights, on which sometimes it is necessary to unload the goods from the cart onto a rolling pin, put on the second a cast-iron 2-pound weight, pieces 10-15, perremove tomi weights, and also take the goods and put them on the take again and carry them to the baza. Or sometimes it was necessary. to hang and carts, at one end of the balance we pulled the whole body with the body, aiming for the wheels, and weights were put on the rolling pin at the other end of the balance, but that and the other scramble of the vanilla takes time from 15 to 30 minutes and requires a lot of physical work The driver’s main task is to set and lift weights and to hang them on the chain. In the case of the American “all”, it all fell away, and similar weights were only in our water supply, and therefore at all times, if necessary, to transport bark or to transport goods from the factory, the carriers from the neighboring villages always went to our country, gim to the breeders. We had a witness all the time about Andrian Zubarev, so the drivers didn’t have to give him or run to look for him - someone would rather take_______823_______unload quickly, get calculation and take home. We have established it as a rule, never delay a carriagevatAt the end of the first month of 1904, we finished cutting leather, the total amount that was purchased together with Stepan. Fedorovich. They handed over deliveries to the Quartermaster and the corresponding quantity was sent to Tiflis Adelkhanov, made up the full. Report on I-e I Julia this year, it was signed by all the members of the trading house and an accountant and notarized by the public through notary E.11. The Sventorzhetskago, with the accompanying paper, instructed the notary to hand Stepan with F. an up-front plan, together with a bank receipt for the amount due in cash. Previously, we made this amount in the name of Stepan F. Vakhrushev in the Vyatka branch of the Volgo-Kamsk Commercial Bank. Ә.p. Sventorzhetsky, prіkhav k k nam in the village, appeared to Stepan at f. to hand him a report and receipt. Stepan F. The surprise was taken aback, the steel began to refuse to accept, motivating that he should first check everything in nature. Notary explained to him: “You are on the report. And check when the report is in your hands, otherwise why not check it. If you find a report of some kind of incorrectness, then you have the right to hold the document at all times with the court If you refuse to accept, I will take all this to myself; I will send Vyatka to my notary office, and you will send an invoice that I have kept the report and bank statement for three days, after which I will publish forged in local newspapers and ffitsіalno reported bankam and_______824_______ the whole institution about your way out of the trading house "F.T.V. Khrusheva S." Stepan finally agreed, he accepted the report and receipt of the bank, gave the notary the receipt of acceptance, but added that he reserves the right to seek a trading house. if something turns out to be a reportѣ incorrect or violated by its intererev. Notary, take his receipt, read and said, “Quite right, if you hadn’t written the last words, then I told you that you’re right to always look for the part about which you can prove that it is valid by accident or intentionally incorrectly written to the detriment of your interest. A few days later, Stepan F., having met by the side of his house passing by Pavel F., asked him to come in for tea and a brotherly discussion. Pavel B. went down. to persuade him, ask for forgiveness and reconciliation , leave everything to the old, what to sue, and lawyers to give earnings, indicating that the report has such expenses for which there are justifying documents, such as E, for example, expenses for the delivery of goods. Quarters to different warehouses. "If I have to judge declaring that I do not acknowledge their expenditure until you have presented me with many vouchers, and there have never been any injuries, and you couldn’t take them anywhere, then all your reports will come down to the net. Anyway, nothing can be done without general agreement. "Pavel F. said that this should be discussed jointly with Peter. Al. And the rest of the company. Pavel F. come to my apartment and tell everything in detail, and apparently , afraid of Stepan’s threat about the non-recognition of expenses for commissary warehouses for the delivery of goods, and ask me a lot of questions: is it better to make peace, than go to court_______825_______ yes lawyers to hire. I dismiss: "It would still be possible, if he really had any kindhearted repentance and apology, and then he begins to blackmail and threaten that, in his opinion, we won’t be able to prove these majorexpenses. But he is mistaken. The bookkeeper doesn’t have to read a single figure of air, probably he has some kind of documents for that figure. ”Call Aikh.P. Ivanova, we ask him:“ And are there any excusable documents for expenses on the Tenants' warehouses. ” . Ivanov dismissed: “Of course, detailed reports or a receipt were received, even if bribes were given to anyone, but this was not required, and the accountant always brought this book in general. 110 reports of deliverers, commissioners, somehow: To Petersburg and Dvinsk - according to the report of DI Filippov, as well as to other warehouses. Reports of other persons. " I saidѣ: "This is a completely legal document. You bring me for the last reporting year at least a few accounts of DI Filippov, and tomorrow I will visit you Vyatka, I will show them to E. Sventorzhetsky, I will ask his opinion in case of legal proceedings: whether to recognize judge such accounts commissioned by legitimate documents. " Say the next day to Vyatka on banking. dѣlam, I am a fan of Sventorzhetsky, and I told in detail the talk of Stepan b. from. Paul. F., a flattering entreaty and threats, seemingly influenced Pavel F., who now hesitates, and most importantly, is afraid that the expenses incurred by the Quartermaster will not be able to be proved by exculpatory documents, because having lost the last time, he was cut out on delivery Komi sioners, whom all contractors instruct to surrender for a certain, predetermined percentage, for example, at least 8 or._______826_______10% of the proceeds. Commission of these percent. pay freight from the factory to the warehouse and other expenses and possibly give bribes, where at his discretion it is unfeasible, and you enter the same amount and his personal reward for him: labor and time spent on delivery. At the end of the contract, It submits to us an account that for the delivery to such a warehouse with that for a certain number, a number is due. There are so many of your firms: We pay him, and they are signed through the stamp on the account received. For example, I’ll bring you a few similar accounts. "EP Sventorzhetsky, three times, dismissed that these were completely legal documents and the judge couldn’t help but acknowledge such a document." If Lil Stepan F. will prove that this signature is not Filippov’s, and false, then it was postponed and, through the Petersburg district judge, asked Filipov to recognize his signature and nothing more. The court didn’t give a damn about what you paid the commissioner and where they spent them - this does not concern the court, but the judge only understands, or will it sort it out - does the acquittal document relate to the indicated and general notes, and is it correctly composed according to Italian rules accounting, reports. For that time, you must in advance make a lie for the West Year — for all the amounts of expenses for the Quartermaster deliveries there are similar accounts and receipts. If you accidentally take 1-2 digits of food, then prepare them well in advance. Sventorzhetsky added: "It’s already very rude to your Stepan F., I don’t like many of them, frankly, between us. I always wondered how you were doing business with her. And my opinion is that I’d like to use them in a statement out_______827_______, dѣ and you easily separated from him. Is Pavel F. hesitating and hesitant to accept him back. A similar trick of blackmail, a hamsterso far, in words, with the Quartermaster’s expenses, I should open eyes to Pavel F. that one cannot go ahead with Stepan F. - in the future, you should build a trap for such expenses with a document in your hands, and if you want, you have to and make it up. ”I thanked him for his frankness and, for my part, also expressed it frankly and so far asked between us that it’s not advisable to take Stepan back to F. in any case. since the other day I’m leaving three weeks to Peter and Paul for I’m sure that Stepan will pamper Pavel F. in all ways without paying for raw materials. It’s possible that if both of them have gone by or if you want to advise you, then I would have to influence Vasya and tempt Paul F. what kind of disagreement to accept Stepan F. back to the company and, if you find it necessary, you can say that you had a conversation with me, and that I firmly stated that if Pavel F. agrees to accept Stepan back, then I will leave the trading at home, and Pavel F: will never agree to that. "That's what happened. Half half and 10 for I have Petropavlovsk to buy leather. Without me, Pavel F. ѣzdil conceived then in Vyatka, went to ѣ E.P. The Sventorzhetsky should personally consult on Stepan’s threat and it would not be profitable to reconcile with Stepan. and take him back to the firm. ә.p. Sventorzhetsky reassured Pavel F. that "you aren’t at the expense of the threat. Worry, you won’t get any of this, judge him to refuse. I’ve seen Vapni’s documents are all right. But to take him to the company, if you aren’t alone_______828_______you wish, but the rest do not agree, do nothing too. For Peter Al. warned me that if everyone agrees to accept Stepan F., then he will leave the company. I shouldn’t tell you this yet, but I’m informing you in a friendly way, because You * came to consult with me, you yourself decide with whom it is more convenient for you to continue working, and hold on to that. "Pavel F. said to Sventorzhetsky:" Of course, if Peter Al. to put it about the SI ultimatum, then I will not lead any conversations with Stepan. Enough of us. Peter. Al 15 years, they dragged him on the road, in each person they always met a brake from him, but not trust. Samѣ Stepan didn’t show initsi in any way. I give you my word, Ermingeld Petrovich, that as you advise those, we will do so. You can send on behalf of our company a publication about Stepan F. leaving the company, and that Petri Al. enter into those variations - the stewards instead of Stepan F., and send them wherever circular notes come from. ”Notice said:“ I have already published within the legal deadline ”I have sent the local editors a newspaper, and I will order the circulars. When will return. From Siberia II.A., then you will sign and send all the institutions and private individuals and companies with which you have business. "Upon my return from Ilotropi Avlovsk, we wrote circular letters, sent out the banks and BE Quartermaster , and wherever he went. Stepan F. understood that he was finally finished. Pavel). He left for Moscow. They began to look for intermediaries ", how to influence me, already without threats", and peacefully influence and persuade me on reconciliation, and sent to many all, with whom I have been friends. Prosil Ivan Al. altykova affect me. IA Saltykov skazal_______829_______ to him: “In vain work, they will not agree, and I would not agree to their place - which Al would have calculated: Pavel B. has a son E already you begin to work. Peter Al. has five sons to grow, will also be his helpers, and you have sons of nti, you will always be alone, what kind of company will they not want to work with as a vaimer, sooner or later, you would have to last anyway, but if now you’ve already split up, so it must be said: glory to God. " Also, I. A. Saltykovѣ and did not win him over. Stepan tried to influence me through the local priest, the father of John Roschetnikov. This categorically refused, saying: "I don’t understand anything and I don’t understand anything commercial, and even more so, Peter Al. Is older than me, just laugh at me and say: what do you persuade, I’m mine; it’s less than yours I understand that many are profitable and that are not profitable and also categorically rejected any mediation. ”F. F. persuaded the volost clerk, 1 ikol Fokevich Kudryavtsev, to urge me to go non-world and again to enter firiu, at least in a small fraction, on new conditions. .F. Kudryavtsev willingly undertook and promised Styop Well F. must be reconciled, "because I have Peter Al. a great deal of hiding and they were many times asking for advice on land issues, and the peasants sent other people to the councils with the land peasants - they’ve misunderstood XE. "N.F. Kudryavtsev came to me many times and said that Stepan F. was crying and repenting that it wasn’t fair to me and very much ask to forgive, forget and work again. "I communicated to him that he must persuade you, knowing your location and trust. After listening, I rejected: "My location personally, Vam, Nikolai Fokevich, was good and_______830_______ It will remain the same, but in this case I won’t fulfill your advice on Stepan F.’s account and your request, because it’s not personally profitable for us, and we are only very happy that it was so happy - it was personally - it’s personally! and we fell into trouble easily separated from him, and now we don’t need them anymore, we have our own helpers growing up and we will be completely redundant, anyway, after five years we’ll have to last again, it’s better to eat now, Having been divided, we won’t take shape again. "N.F. Kudryavtsev sk ayal:" Yes, I understood, I don’t Vi Baix, it’s my interest to meet again. ”At the end, Stepan F. turned to Frolov Petrovich lsnikov, asking him, as my great friend, to curb and slander my mother, for Pavel F. already agreed to accept, but Peter Al. categorically refused and threatened if you use Stepan F. back, then I’ll leave the company; ІPavel was frightened and backed away. But, of course, Peter wouldn’t have gone anywhere, just a scarecrow. F.I. I repeated to him the arguments that Stepan expressed to I.A. Salty ham, but F.II. snik, ignoring the arguments, insistently ask: "Make peace, have taught - and enough, he’s now completely killed, tearfully, on his knee. I asked you to push me, say what more and ask no one, because I’m desperate not to know what to do "I felt sorry for him, I and the tot, no matter what the urge to steal and reconcile Vasya." Seeing his persistent mouth, I say to him heartily: “If you really feel sorry for him, then take it yourself, work with them, invest your capital in it and work.” F. P. Lisnikov say: “Yes, he is I’ve already suggested many, but it was thought that I’ll still be able to bribe you, and Pavel F., it seems, he’s already persuaded himself. "I unscrewed that_______831_______I categorically repeat: "Do not work, do not ask for more, you can’t get out of this, you’ll waste your time and you shouldn’t worry both of you in vain. If you are quiet, you will work for a year or two. Then you will see how good they are for companion ". F.I. Lѣsnikov just left me nothing and told Stepan F. that it’s better not to humiliate yourself anymore, not to ask anyone through. “If I didn’t do anything, then no one should convince him or persuade him. Regarding the number of people to work with you, I have to write to my companion for the furrier and match case, Nikolai Pavel. Rylov. It’s not time less than a month, for now the Nizhny Novgorod Fair and we have no time to think and engage in other foreign affairs. " Only within six months of the foresters: and N.P. Rylov agreed with Stepan. F. and the will of the NIKT BE company to tanner, under what conditions - we are unfit.But after a year and a half, apparently, Asia broke up because F.II. Tѣsnikov repeatedly reminded me: “You were right in warning that Stepan was not a suitable company, no one can work for any company for a long time. We are always wondering how you worked with them in a common company ѣ 15 years” . When I finally refused through F.II. Lѣsnikova to take Stepan F.’s company back into the company, then Stan F. and his family finally got angry — at me and my se - 14yu. Stopped walking one to another. When they met, they turned away, and the children of Naki, who played early together, began to deceive my children. Stepan F.'s daughters were 2-3 years older than 2. Their daughters, they lured my girls, 6-7-year-olds to the gardens and pushed them into the panties of the nettle. Personally Stepan_______832_______As long as the negotiations on the SE Psniko company were carried out and while they worked with them for a year and a half, they did not show vengeance to us and did not lead to their threat. Article 5 or 6 worked, after she had shared with. Lesniko vyal and Snout poured on their own, and the II OTOA went bankrupt and only then brought its threat to fruition. A presentation to the district judge, you, Vyatka, should be made to the incorrectness of the report drawn up when it was issued, and most importantly, the unproven expenses recorded in the reports on the distribution of goods during the delivery of large amounts to the Quartermaster’s warehouses,without exculpatory documents, but in court they were talking about playing. About it. it will be written in detail below.Li trip BE Ilétropavlovsk ю ѣ July ѣ month 904 of the 904th year can be noted in the memory that you had to drive along the same road ѣ from Vyatka to Chelyabinsk through the First Yekaterinburg. I completely occupy cabins in the 2nd classIn іstѣ with the family of the daughter of the architect, the squad with a son and a nanny. She went to Vyatka from Irkutsk for her funeral from the Central Council, and now she was returning to Irkutsk. Ki flour, which served as engineers in Irkutsk. The Vyatka-Vologda railway to St. Petersburg was not yet completed at the time of the Japanese War and in 1904-ME it was well completed. All troops from Noskva and St. Petersburg went to the Far East through Samara. Ufa-Chelyabinsk. When we arrived in Chelyabinsk to transfer to the Siberian Line of the railway, see A4 - at the train stations, on the platform and on the road, into the carriage, there are a lot of people in military uniforms - officers and soldiers. We were afraid that we wouldn’t let the wagons in for further investigation, we assumed that the military would be preferred. Druzhinin's daughter to ask_______833______________834_______ I considered it a long time in advance to personally inform you about this. "Shafev asked:" And how many more members are left in the firms, "I unscrewed that there are still five people left. Then Shafѣev raced around and said:" We, Tatars, have a saying: each * shopping ѣ dѣlѣ - one yes cry, and seven yes dance. We don’t need any circular, we know your company, and besides you didn’t see anyone. While everything is going well, you will continue to do business with you. "At the same time, Petropavlovsk came to buy sheepskin for soldier's sheepskin coat Alexey Nikolayevich Bokov. They were purchased through the same broker, through whom I bought leather, etc. through Husain Abdulovich Tyumenev. Having free time, I was interested in getting to know how a sheepskin is bought. I asked Kh. A. Tyumenev and AN Bokov to show me how to distinguish oak sheepskin - well, there is a fur coat and what difference does it make and quality is 8 C. They are willing to They said it very timidly that Dubna’s sheepskin is called the largest sheepskin. Out of it, a soldier’s sheepskin coat is 2 1/2 sheepskins, and a fur sheepskin is called small sheepskin, which needs three pieces for a sheepskin coat. “Just as your large sheepskin is called skins, smaller - half-skinned. Oak sheepskin is worth a penny 10-15 more expensive than shovnaya. But the oak fur coat differs in weight: in Dubna it is always a pound 2 1/2 more than the fur coat. "I thank them. But I did not attach much importance, since I had no idea when to be a fur-sheepskin breeder.in the fall, - in November of a month of 1904, through the Kazan Tenantry, they began to prepare short fur coats for the army in the Far East Vostoksoldatsky. Prіkhal ѣ Kazan Intendant_______835_______ official. Kovalensk, having the right to make a purchase from a driver not by bidding, but by cash purchase at the price established by the treasury and according to the approved description. The main supplier. the short fur coat was Nikolay Ivanovich Bokov, and then Ogloblin Ivan Vasilyevich and other small breeders. But they were afraid of the last person to lead the Quartermaster, but they tried to take it cheaper by 25-50 K. Half a coat, but they handed over through Boko wa or other gih. Ilya Tim took advantage of this. Wahrushev. Prii should be agreed with the Shigovs, Kropachevs, Sokovnins for 2-3 thousand short fur coats and sold to the official Kovalensky. Breeders bring a short fur coat. ki to the yard kli Il Tim. , and Kovalensky bring his feld febel for opening and branding. Take the accepted product to the yellow. the road. Then Kovalensky give out Ilѣ Tim. Quartermaster suyu receipt, according to which the Vyatka Treasury paid money, and the office of Ilya Timm. pay the money immediately to the breeders, take a receipt from them, which in the case that the quartermaster accepts some short fur coats to reject, the breeders undertake to replace;It was obvious that Ilyich almost without any risk and without capital expenditures made small breeders of 20-40 k. short fur coat, but this did not tempt me. But I, knowing how much by bath at mine in Petropavlovskѣ Bokov, and knowing that I go from the fur coat to Ot 2 1/2 to 3 sheepskin, see how much fur coats are paid to them in the floor by the treasury. Understand that Bokov profits from: one and a half to two rubles for each half-fur coat. This tempted me and surprised me: why Ilyich are interested in reselling semi-fur coats, using 20-40 k., And not paying attention to buy: the sheep’s own skin and develop short fur coats ourselves and at least make a ruble. Having consulted with SF.P. Lѣsnikovs and V. V. Kili_______836_______ nymѣ: is it difficult to organize a fur coat and are there any craftsmen? pa sheepskins - at least for the test to work out 5 or 10 thousand semi-fur coats in the plant V.S. Zhidina, Uspensky. F.P. Lѣsnikov. I approved my assumptions, saying that the equipment of the Sheepskin Plant from the tannery is very easy and will not cost much and possibly soon, and when the fur coat supplies run out later, it is again easy to transfer to the tannery backwater. Masters, however, Nik Nikov recommended what to take. A V.S. Zhilin willingly agreed to take over and manage this business. I sent a telegraph to Petropavlovsk to Khusain Abdulovich Tyumenev asking: "Is it possible to immediately buy Petropavlovsk Dubna and a fur coat - how much and with what prices." It turned out to say: "Sheepskin is, no worse, than bought Bokov. $ We increased from 3 to 5 k. Per piece." I cabled to buy a sample of 30,000 to 50,000 sheepskins and immediately send to Vyatka. At the same time, in Zhilinsky Zavod, they began to prepare kvasilny hours and a dryer. A few weeks later a sheepskin came through two, and another week or two later we had. came out a thousand half-fur coats. Showed them. Ying tendential official Kovalensky. He approved and distance outfit. or for sale in the name of V.S. or 10,000 short fur coatsѣ. Work and change went quickly, for 2-3,000 a week; The Quartermaster paid money quickly, without delay. I wrote to Tyumenev yet to buy for us the whole sheepskin. He transferred the salt of money to Avan. for the purchase of a sheepskin from the amount earned for short fur coats and sent him more bills. Sheepskins again brought a lot soon. At the Silinsky Zavod alone, a lot of half-fur coats cannot be developed; we began to give out orders half-fur coats for villages to old peasants., condition: giving out 250 pieces. oak and_______837_______300 pcs Sheepskin coat, so that after a week the artisan delivered 200 half-fur coats to us, get “us” for work. Things went with us. even faster and more useful. The father of the Quartermaster, an official, there was no delay, no oppression and no misconception. During the winter, we managed to work out and turn in up to 50 thousand half-fur coats, and in the course of difficulties we managed to get at least a ruble a half fur coat; but at the same time, all artisans, workers, workers, sheepskin masters, all earned well through Nashi. Almost in every village around us, versts worked 10 times for us, either short fur coats, or amm unique things, and everyone was grateful and prayed to God for me that I myself live and let others live and earn money. Frankly, if there were still Stepan F. firms, then in no case would there be anything possible to do, they would slow down at every stepӣ and tie their hands. But Father Paul F., I did not have any slightest obstacle. Although they lived in Moscow, but whatever I proposed, he agreed in all respects with my initiative. If anything for the case would need to be sent from socks, Pavel F. would immediately be sought, bought and sent.Commissioning was carried out at home at the factory. half-coat, and all shoe products and ammunition items were made through the Moscow warehouse or other quartermaster's warehouses, and then they were forwarded from. Moscow to the Far East So Pavel F. and Alexey Pavlovich had a lot of work at this time on the 21st of October, and often they couldn’t take Pavel F. home completely.In the spring of 1905, the Kazan Quartermaster invited the residents to take delivery of the treasury of the Quartermaster’s standard_______838_______ boots, with the delivery at the factory, and send directly to the water in the Far East. I took 15,000 bets for a test. They gathered up to 20 men shoemakers, put them to work, summer, in the factory yard, uphill, work together for one and a half chopping down pairs. Again, things went fast: every guy sewed a pair of boots for 2-3 days, but the offer of sewing from the Quartermaster was even a few hundred thousand pairs, but we could no longer recruit and place more than 500 men. Taking in addition another supply of 15,000 or 20,000 boots, this was limited. But this led to the idea of ​​setting up a mechanical shoe workshop. By the way, I’ve gotten it. Iz German Ii ot 14en mustache representative Iohann Firsovich. Ital, and we called him Ivan Fedorovich. Having seen: with us. 500 people sew boots according to IP.50k. from. couples, told us that with these number of people in mechanical ways you can make 5,000 couples a day and will cost no more than 50 kopecks. from. couples. I asked him to make up the strength of equipping a mechanical factory for 1000 parks a day and invited me to inspect the factory we had at our disposal: the first floor of the building that had not been finished was cleaned up and nazolny. Inspect it and measure it the same night, spend the night in good condition, make a factory plan in the morning, indicate the transmission and location of each machine and wipe the machines for sewing shoes for about 25,000 rubles. But besides Zinger's sewing machines for sewing blanks of soft shoe goods. Zingerovskіya cars, in his opinion, will cost no more than 5000 rubles. But in order to bring the shoe machines into operation, it will be necessary to put a high-speed machine running on a dynamo-electric ocher. “That you yourself already conceive_______839_______ those - you can equip one hundred thousand, but you can equip them with 15000 or up to 25000. "I asked him to return on their way, passing throughE Moscow, to see Paul F., c. Whom I can write off, and then we will give the final answer, or order the car, or refuse. Smit I sent to Moscow Pavel F. with my letter. "In my opinion, it’s interesting and inexpensive, but this entails the need to put a fast car and dynamically motors, and also a 2nd steam boiler. All this will involve us in a new construction cost from 100 to 150 thousand rubles. And secondly, the main thing is that after the end of the Japanese War, the Quartermaster will probably not be procured with sewn and boots, but will continue to procure blood goods. Then our shoe machine will be inactive. If this offer of Jen Usa came in a year or six months earlier, then we would be able to work 100 150 thousand pairs of boots on them and we would only get a ruble for each pair работы. Thus, the cars would pay for themselves and for the treasury would be even interested in the fact that we would give the treasury twice or three times more about the wreck. "Having received the shoe shred in Moscow, Pavel F. sent the Gardeners to Starvievsky warehouse to. showing Klyuyev to him, showing him the designs and demolition of the shoe factory, he asked I.D.Klyuev to draw up a decoy for transmissions, motors, dynamos and a high-speed machine, everything is not new, but poorly maintained, fully suitable, but removed with a steam boiler systems and size, as we were the first, bought during the wedding, Alexei Pavlovich A. Kluyev came out with an inexpensive one thousand for 20 or 25 rubles A copy of the text Pavel F. sent many letters when they wrote that according to the second opinion, if the representative is 11en mustache_______840_______ he will promise to deliver the machines soon, so that when the machines are sent, they will quickly install and train our workers to work on the machine, then you should not waste time, but immediately order shoe machines, as well as a steam boiler, and everything else. . Klyuyev promises to immediately pick up and send. In general, everything will cost, apparently, from forty to 50 thousand, and we will still have time to cover this cost with earnings on these machines this year. Until I had time to get out of the Klyuevskaya Smyоскta inscription and letters from the 14th of September, at that time the representative of Men Usa prichal BE 2Ko squv and finally convinced Pavel F. to ask for a shoe machine. A few days after the letter was received. send a telegram to many: ask to be reposted, for the representative of Maine has resurrected and communicated the delivery of a month of the car. I received a letter with a note from Klyuev and a telegram at the same time. Having familiarized yourself with the message and consulted with a mechanic. Ivanom Nick. Half-night, either by reply or by telegram, that “if you firmly hope that the death of I.D. Klyuyev is not artificially reduced and you do not involve expenses in excess of 50,000 rubles, which, as you are convinced, we will be able to cover even the current supplies of shoes year, then I join your opinion - to finely order Dan usu shoe machines, put them within 30-40 days. " The next day, it turns out: "I ordered the car and the boiler .... At the same time, Klyuyev, according to the text, will send everything completely. Ask Poludnitsyn to prepare all the necessary installations." The room was cleaned and ash a day, although it was not completely completed, but the cement floor was already removed, the frames and glass were inserted into the windows. That transmission conduct tutthat_______841_______it was not yet possible, because in this, by chance, there was a chhedo - vk. hundred shornikovѣ and worked for the army artillery harness. The artillery harness and cavalry sold through the Quartermaster were always delivered to the army from the Moscow leather factory. Dementia. Ilyichi, in competition with Dement, took a large contract with harnesses - 500 or 100 sets and they were recruited for work by the master of the saddlers from the Bystritsky volost of the Vyatka district, the neighbor of Anton Anisimovich Nosov. I, through Anton Ani simo vi cha, tried to find out how complicated and difficult the work is, and what the total cost is for each set of harness. I delivered all the detailed calculations. Then from Moscow, at my request, many Alex Pavel. sent a description of the Quartermaster, drawings and all terms and conditions at the rate. Despite the description and drawings, I set for myself what kind of leather is needed for harnessing and for what amount. Knowing the value of the treasury to procure the artillery harness, I fully calculated - you sent the calculation to Pavel F. to Moscow, indicating that it was interesting, good for good. If there is a proposal, then my opinion is that a sample should be taken, although a hundred are needed. Telegra soon came out. ma, that a hundred bundles of harnesses were taken at the same price as other suppliers put. "Prepare rawhide and everything you need. Sample sent." We immediately arranged for a drive from a drive that had previously serviced a water pump, a wooden beater for raw materials, as well as many other things: skorn leathers in an original way. Although Ilya Tim. Had the same crumple, the craftsmen for the development of raw materials were taken from him from the Nizhny Novgorod province. There are rumors that they are very good at making raw materials. I invited my master to make friends_______842_______ CE Nizhny Novgorod, treat and immediately ask - if there are any features, a secret when fermented rawhide horse. Acquaintance mastery took place quickly, parted or two, and then Nizhny Novgorod himself suggested that for 25 rubles to tell little secrets, which only speeds up the skin, and everything else is done in the same way as in our country. Our master, as if personally OTE himself, gave him 25 rubles. They told Nizhny Novgorod to cookfor tomorrow a large tanning juice bucket, or vinegar essence half a bottle. Squeeze sku for skin to cook oatmeal in the usual way, and he should come during the rest of the holiday through the back gate to the backwater and show everything to the ground, but so that the owners could not see it, neither him nor ours. Our Alaster ѣ Egor Aleksћevich Kilin, prepared everything, as well as cooking and leather for sourdough. Nizhny Novgorod poured in one chunk Into the cooked kvass, a bucket of tannin juice and a tablespoon of vinegar essence, and put the second chunk on putil as we had done before, without any additives. They threw off the skin at the same time in chasing. After half a day, the first chunk of leather, which was a mixture of tannic juice and vinegar essence, contained kokh and Vykva in full, and the second chunk leavened for a whole day, but the overall quality of the leather came out almost the same, good and no worse than raw materials that were delivered to the factory Ilyich.pine and spruce roots were required for the khomutakh tree. They called Mikhail Leontyevich Agalakov from the Vologda province, showed him a model. They said that it can be ordered Pin Yužeszki ѣ peasants, who have such roots for clerks. for peasants, make a collar, but fewer times more. And for artillery, by the way of meme, large horses and clamps_______843_______ a lot more, and therefore the roots must be ordered perfect, large. We handed .l. Agalakova sample order Pinyugъ pieces. 500 selected roots, authorizing you to not be shy, give a quarter line, but if only they would be delivered soon to the pick.C. Bystritsy got the Shornikov masters, half a man didn’t, and then they added up to a hundred.We made the buckles and rings, according to the model sent from Moscow to the harness kit, we put in the locksmith’s house, and then we tied it, and we gave Slobodskaya I.V.So Kovnin, who gave us the buttons for the cartridge case, to work. Our work on the artillery harness went quickly.The removal of the harness was entrusted to the same officer who, at the time of Ilya t. We managed to work out all the quantities taken, handed them over to the officer without difficulty and sent them to the Far East even before the conclusion of the armistice of the Japanese War.So, like Ilya Tim. a large amount was taken, and it seems that for up to two years, the acceptance was delayed, and then, after the cessation of the Japanese War, they began to very slowly accept and find fault with all kinds of insignificant trifles. In particular, I was nitpicked, even super muras, assistant officer, lame undergraduate student, by the name of Bolshakov. / as a result, during the revolution, he was the representative of the Bolsheviks in Bu kharѣv. The State Bank is the auditor, and then Samar’s candidate is the Koz-Trust of the Bolsheviks for the nationalization of tanneries. In 1905 and 1906. he is an officer. Kaminsky lived with us in the village to the head of Ilya Tim. on the road and for two years Chile Ilyich with a hole Otch artillery harness, the rest of Viv itself is a very unpleasant impression and complete disgust_______844_______ delivery of a harness. Although we easily got loose and handed over the harness, but we also got the impression that this did not suit us, bulky. Although the benefits are decent, but there were remains of trees, raw materials, various iron products, which were lying around for a long time and were given away to the saddlers. Dement in Moscow work regularly from year to year for various rawhide things for the army and for private sale, so every left strap or buckle should always find its own use and leave at a normal real price. .Having completed the supply of the artillery harness, we began to prepare for the shoe factory: to carry out the transmission and put the second steam boiler and the second high-speed machine and dynamo for electricity. Shin ma Tires were brought from abroad. At this time in the Far. Eastѣ a change was announced! - pie. The commandant office suspended orders for drinking boots. They telegraphed to Germanicus Menus - while delaying the receipt. a fitter for setting up shoe machines and for training on shoe machines. All the cars were folded, without unpacking, into the barn near the plant's clenago, into the boxes.At the same time, the delivery of a half-coat was over, but they did the whole swatch. To process a sheepskin and all short fur coats have passed well. But at many factories, anthrax was developed, especially at Nick’s factory. Willow Laterally, there were many deathsѣ. From St. Petersburg, an order was received to suspend the sending of a half-year ubkov to the Far East; BE Bät - kѣ, in a warehouse leased by a quartermaster to Valencian, a half-fur coat of up to 300 thousand was accumulated. They were afraid to send to the army, so as not to infect the soldier with anthrax._______845_______ But they were afraid to keep Vyatka as well so that the infection did not spread to the entire urban population. The governors of Khomutov are far away - to call all breeders - submits to themselves. I went from Slobodsky and Vyatskogo ѣ uzdy man 15-20, and I was at that time in Vyatka, in the Provincial Zemsky extraordinary meeting; I will send with the breeders and the KE to the Governor. Huber Natalya Khomutov went to the reception room: “These are all representatives for the water supplying short fur coats for the army and who is from Vasya Bokov. “Alexander Nick. Side to go ahead and it is recommended:“ I-Side ”. The governors say:“ Well, you, Gracesdear Sovereign, in my province the infection of the anthrax has been bred, people are stained. Yes, I’ll bother you in jail. ”Bokov got scared, trembled, can’t say a word. I stood by my address, I addressed the Governor:“ Your Excellency, I’m not a breeder-breeder, but I have come into contact with this business now and I’m not able to completely only blame the breeders. They themselves are not happy and notto know how to fight this evil Al ѣ Do all that you havethe authorities are prescribed a, namely: not a single Sheepskin should be allowed to enter the backwaters without veterinary certificates, which are issued by veterinarians to the place of slaughter of sheep and cattle in general. The breeder, buying sheepskin and leather for revenge in Siberia, can’t take them out or load them into the railroad car, expensive, while you arethe primary physician does not testify to the party and does not give an appropriate testimony. Upon arrival at the backwater, not a single driver should start up the factories for the production of raw sheepskin or leather until the local veterinarian is examined, inspect the raw materials, check the quantity according to the documents, and write the veterinary certificate from Siberia to write. to myself a book and let permission to pry. So_______846_______In such a way, it is as if the breeder is guaranteed that the raw materials went through a double inspection by studying specialists, and that you are the raw material. There is no danger, and in spite of this, disease. Vania are detected during operation. At Bokovsky factory there is more for the quantity by quantity than at other factories - this can only be explained by the fact that the Bokovsky factory is the largest in the province, and if we take into account proportionally the number of workers, it will probably work out for Bokov no more. But there are cases that in some small pubic plants they became infected and died from it. The anthrax themselves are breeders themselves - bush. ri, which themselves came into contact with the sheepskin and during the development of lushubkov. "I indicated. Among the presence of curls on Sokovni on and on Kropachev, say that these two are here. The older brothers died on this tag, both of them. Sokovnin confirmed I continue: "Your Excellency, it’s not up to you to look for a way to fight this evil, how to destroy it in revenge, so that you can take away not only covered veterinary certificates and you can carry any goods, but you need to find yourself walking so that if there is evidence, then to in this one. steam there really wasn’t a single contagious skin. "The governor said:" I will gather an ambassador from among the specialists. and I will demand from St. Petersburg a professorship of specialists. Then again I’ve called out some breeders to participate in this commission. "When we went out from the Governor, the breeders thanked me that, being an outsider, not a fur coat breeder, stood up for shubnyakov," and then, as an interested BE, I sent -executive breeders, could not believe and would not have listened to find an explanation ": Breeders_______847_______ they asked me to take part and BE commissions when Gubernator will invite to discuss this issue together - but with special specialists. I said that if I get an invitation, I’ll try to get through, but I’m not on the list ѣ shubnyakov’s, but I did supply the short fur coats from the name of V.S. Wilina - may not invite me. But just in case, I’ll preempt in the Provincial Zemstvo Administration, where similar commissions are going to invite me, at least as a public businessman, in general, although not a fur coat, the railway in 1905 has just been from St. Petersburg via Vologda held to Vyatka. After a few days, two generals arrived from St. Petersburg, that is, the actual state advisers: Inspector. Veterinary Institute and Inspectors of the Bacteriological Institute. Rise before eating. The governor arranged a meeting, invite only the senior doctor of the Provincial Zemstvo Hospital and the senior veterinarian doctor. They explained to the Governor that the breeders. while there’s nothing to invite for, it’s useless to waste time on this, breeders have nothing to do with it. To stop the spread of infection, you just need to take emergency medical measures. Novili’s posts, so that they couldn’t take out all the fur coats from the warehouse until they formalize it, but .. even at the factories, first of all, formalin it should be observed by doctors, veterinarians and felmer. Petersburg inspector generals went to all fur coats and sheep breeders along with veterinarians ’visits. They showed how to arrange chambers for cleansing the rivan and how to disinfect the cleansing formalities nom. Immediately telegraphically discharged from Peter burga formalin. BE cans of flat cakes and liquid glassone od},_______848_______ more xi bottles. Each breeder arranged a chamber in his own way - who is V, the bread and butter, some who were separate from the others, and some who were assigned to the factory a separate room. They closed windows and doors deafly, covered all targets with adhesive paper, strips. Short fur coats were hung in rows in this chamber, so that one did not touch the other. The last door was closed and all the cracks were also shut up tightly. Then, a hole was drilled at the bottom of the door or at the bottom of the window frame, through which a formalin pair was let in from a special apparatus. But since the apparatuses from E Petersburg were brought only as a model — alone, the breeders immediately adapted their larger samovars by putting the lid on the samovar and making a round hole in the lid half the top. BE dіametrѣ for formalin filling. It was closed from versts вин with a screw stopper of the syr Nom, a rubber gut was put on the faucet, the other end of the Sheki was inserted into the hole in the door and the windows, and all the formalin from the boiling samovar entered the chamber. In this way, all the short fur coats that remained and were brought to the factory were quickly disinfected. They also demanded that all detainees in Vyatka be warehoused from the Prodzine Quartermaster. During this time, the Quartermaster came to the Far East due to the fact that the short fur coats received in the army are too narrow, according to the description, you worked for your time and approved by the short fur coat are designed for the size of the recruits of the 21st year, and reserve soldiers are up to 45 ty leth. For those short fur coats, do not fit on the shoulders, or slightly converge to zero, poorly covering the chest, which causes a cold. It is necessary to make the following fur coat two to three wider,_______849_______ BE features for Siberia, where great frosts. The commissariat immediately descended from descriptions and prepared to preparedistant short fur coat according to the new description. But on the occasion of poured water from Japan, the procurement was suspended while negotiations were held on the final worldѣ.When the Governors of VE Vyatka suggested that the Quartermaster Chi Novnik disinfect all short fur coats and take away Vyatka, the Quartermaster. Kovalensk. Having made a report to the Kazan District Quartermaster, with his project - to give out all the fur coats for disinfection in factories already built cells, for an additional fee, and at the same time to offer to send all the fur coats, it’s completely new description - to expand by 2 points. The commandant rejected with a telegram to Kovalensky - to find out the cost of alteration and disinfection. Official. Kovalen skyi, having gathered breedersное for private public confinement, for asking about the cost. Breeders have not prepared for a similar question and will respond, or in a variety of ways: From IP 20 to 2. rubles a short fur coat. The official E persuaded to lower everything to the ruble. At the same time I communicated to the breeders that the Quarry commissariat agrees to alteration and disinfection, but not expensive to approve. The breeders gave themselves written consent, BE the case of half the price from the Kazan commander’s office confirming that the ruble is half a kilo for deletion and disinfection, that they are obligated to distribute honey by themselves, transfer and transfer to them a whole month and a half. . Kovalensky suggested to the breeders that in three days they would come to him for abduction. At these meetings I was like a factory breeder, like a trustee of V.S.Uilin, because,_______850_______ as I said above, the entire supply of half of us was made by the name of V.S. Khilina, because his factory was converted into a sheepskin coat, and the governor's certificate, replacing cash collateral under the Quarterly Contracts, was in the backwater in the name of V.S. "ilina, which we called: master-shubnyak..The next day, after calculating the cost of transferring the house, the breeders see that it is not useless to take the transferring for a ruble and a short fur coat, and especially the one for which the sheepskin still remains, and to see that the further preparation of the fur coat has been stopped, and it is possible that it’s possible will not be. The next day, Dikha Il Vasilievich and Alexander Grigorievich Mironov personally approached Kovalensky and suggested that they alone take all the available number of short fur coats, disinfect and transfer them within two months, given 95 kopecks. Kovalensky thanked and dismissed that nothing had been clarified on this issue from E of Kazan, but the Governor had to take out short fur coats from Iz Vyatka, and therefore, it would not be suitable to delay work for two months. When he receives from E Kazan final indication, then call everyone on the phone. On the third day, Kovalensky called us up and declared that the District Quartermaster had been authorized to carry out alteration and disinfection, but that it was required to lower the declared ruble price by seven kopecks, i.e. they offer coins at 93 kopecks. I, without any doubt, began to scold and reproach the covalenskago: "You persuaded us to lower it to the ruble, giving 1 word that you hope and guarantee that this price will be approved, and now trade again; we have good merchants who don’t." Kovalensky otrѣtil:_______851_______ It may be, but among Vasya there are good ones, there are also bad Kots mercants, but I can’t do anything else. Go to another room, chat, and give me a list: how much can you get into the mess. "When I left the other room, I suggested to the breeders that not to mention the benefits, but because of my ambition, I would categorically refuse after all, let’s take Kazan and let it in. Miro Nowy begin to prove that good is the benefit of this price, but AE is more that we have sheepskin left, and if everyone refuses, they alone take the whole amount and only extend the term for 2-3 months, including breeders this time come true and Nikolai Pavlovich: Rylov, who also supplied a little sheepskin coat in the name of my cousin Peter V. Rylov, calls me aside and says that I shouldn’t get excited: officials of the Valencian community had nothing to do with it. Apparently, the Mironovs came to him yesterday and offered him hand over to them the entire amount of a day and a ruble, but with one hand for a long time, but he did it nobly, on the contrary, he gave his word and restraint, he again gathered all breeders; apparently they don’t dare to trust one of Mironov’s, I dismissed: “In that case, you’re right. For such a good reason, you should try less to give the Mironovs. if there is an odd part that is readable for an equal part, then we are in excess. They have a mummy for themselves, and so far we have split in half, and then we will hand it out, after disinfection, to the handicraftsmen to redo. " Nikola Pavlovich Rylovѣ, talking with all the fur coats present, said that everyone spoke out - accept the proposalfour_______852_______Kovalenskago at 93 kopecks., And the number divided by all on a flat level. If someone does not agree on this price, then distribute its amount to all. The Mironovs said that they would like to take more, but if everyone demands an equal amount, they also take on an equal footing with others. I said that I am joining in the majority and also take my share of 12 93 kopecks. They informed Kovalensky that his proposal was unanimously accepted for 93 kopecks, equally for every person present, and we ask you to immediately give everyone a personal outfit for a short fur coat from the warehouse. Officials Kovalenskііі issued with each of us in writing. The next day, they began to take out tucked short fur coats to plants. Sokovnin, Ogloblin, Shikhov, and the Crops from the shares owed by them immediately transferred N and N.P. Rylov fishing from one third to half. Nashi turned out to have quantities of about a thousand for 60. N.I. Bokov and Ilya Tim. Vakhrushevi did not want to take disinfection and alteration. I arranged a disinfectant chamber below, in a stone-built basement, in the factory yard, in the back of the house, which on the road, the former communal Parfenovich, we transferred to the middle of the factory yard for the apartment of an accountant and mechanic Poludnitsyn. The line form I through Paul ed. write a telegram from Moscow for yourself and for small artisans. All short fur coats were quickly disinfected; V.S. Khilina, and a big part of them was handed out for transferring to villages 5. It should be noted that all fur coats breeders had previously been equipped with fur coats, formalin had been thoroughly disinfected, and then sheepskin coats had been brought in for furring. The alteration went fast with us._______853_______During this time, BE Vyatka spread the rumor that the official Kovalensky, for taking bad half-fur coats, took bribes, and that’s why they had to transfer money. Rumors reached the Governor Khomutov. I am Frol. Етlotr. Tѣsnikov’s reckoning was in the future of the Governor. Talking about their friends, they wanted to leave. The governor, remembering, turns to ѣ F.P. Dѣsnikov: “You were supplying half-fur coats to the Kovalensky quartermaster.” Lѣsnikov distracts: “Yes.” The governors continued: “I have heard rumors that the official is new. Kovalensky took bribes at the opening. You gave him bribes.” Tusnikov rejected: “No, she didn’t give a penny to God.” The governors said: “Well, that’s the case for the court case.” When we ѣ Lsnikov. Went out to the Governor’s street, I said: “Well, frol ІPetrovich, you swore that you didn’t give a penny. But I know for sure that you gave it. I didn’t think that you, a fair man, would vainly swear. "Iѣsnikovѣ says many things:" I swore that a penny wasn’t a damn. It’s wrong: I’m not a penny and it didn’t. "Apparently, the Governors brought to the attention of the closest bosses, the Kazan District Quartermaster. The commandant, through the commander of the Military. Okrunom, asked to establish the Vyatka temporary army commander. The commission was established on the basis of 3 persons: lieutenant colonel: Dengin, headquarters captain ІShultz and headquarters captain Agapіevi. For 14 and a half or two, three of them opened all the public factories, took half-coats from the alterations and sent them to Kaz Hb, vѣ Intendantskіy clothing store, and Intendantskіy chinovnik Kovalenskіy prodolzhal sidѣt unto Vyatkѣ and only_______854_______ issued receipts for the accepted quantity of half-text from the transfer. According to these receipts, the Treasury paid 93k. smiling short fur coat for work.The second termination of all this was done with short fur coats, an investigator in the military industry investigated the bribery of an official in Valencia. About two years later, Kovalenskiy was called from Kaz. neither Vyatka and his judge Vyatka District Courtѣ. Everything about the wine was built on rumors, and only the Mironov breeders, as witnesses, and swearing oath, confirmed that they had given bribes, because otherwise he had delayed the opening and did not accept it for a long time. I was called a witness at the request of the judge Mago Kovalenskago. The judge invited Kovalensky to ask many questions. The defendant Kovalenskiy asks me: “Mr. Vakhrushev, when I took Vasya short fur coats, did I extort bribes from Vasya, tell the court.” I unscrewed: “I was a contractor. I didn’t get half fur coats, as if I were half-furred V.S.}; or, “Kovalensky again asks:“ But you, as a trusted tilin, can confirm to the court that you saw or heard from your principal: whether there was extortion of bribes from me on opening, or not at all legal requirements. ”I from the fact that upon delivery by the Ekilins half-fur coat, I, like the whole trusted kilin on this case, but never saw or heard that the company was extorted bribes or unlawful claims "Kovalensky said:" I have no more questions. "Have I been released from court and I left without waiting for a decision court. It seems. awarded the Kovalensk by year or two of arrested mouth companies.In parallel, with intensive supply workѣ and construction_______855_______ cam to expand the plant, I with my wife and older children found time for entertainment: you often visited the theaters of Vyatka and the masquerades of Vyatka and Slobodsky; in the first days of January, the former Sloboda public club ѣ organize a masquerade ball We conspired with a large company to disguise themselves, p. Vyatsky: Mikhail Alexandrovichem Charushin, who in Vyatka traded in gunpowder and rifles and kept a truck, worked on transporting passengers between Vyatka and Slobodsky, on the put and stopping at our shop to check the ticket with the clerk of our shop. It was through this that I had friendship. A. Charushi nym./. Then, the Charushlins went on to us in the village of Iz Vyatka, a dance teacher. Rose with two adults and daughters, M.A. 11 - Eliz. Nick, Rukavishniko, you and I are a wife, and someone else I don’t remember. I took out from the upper Karin, from the merchant of the Tatar Sibogatulla Valiev Devetyarova, three pairs of the best festive costumes with head Tatar hats, i.e. for 3 husband - chin and for 3 ladies, and the rest of Vyatka guests brought their costumes. From outside the village we all went to Slobodskaya to ride our horses. We stopped to change rooms. Pashkin on Vyatka streetѣ. We arrived at the club, a man of 10 or 12, at 10 p.m. The duty officer, Nikolai Dmitrievich Plus, having met us in the hallway of the club, demanded that the club rule, a solid recommendation, or one of the companies disguised, removed from the famous persons, should take off the mask and appear to be the duty officer for the whole foreman. I walked away with. n.d. Plyusninim entered the coal in the hallway, showed him his face and asked for an hour or two to not tell anyone who and where the companies of the masked were from. Our entire company is not_______856_______they slowly invited us to the hall, we heard the pair marching into the dance hall, crowded with the audience. Tatar costumes were rich, silk dresses and velvet, embroidered with pearls and beads, hats. Dancing has begun. The whole company began to dance, and especially the teacher, dance and her daughters began to dance new dances, so far not seen by Slobozhans. All the guests present were impressed and caused a huge sensation. Everyone was interested in who and where the company came from. Everyone was told that it was from Vyatka, but who is unjustly. Finally, Slobodskaya became interested in the police. Nikolai Vasilievich frontinsky. Demand strength at the déjurno elders. n.d. Plyusnin secretly told the police officer that it was I. A. Vakhrushev, probably with his relatives and friends, pointing to me in “the first couple”, “The best Tatar costume”. N.V. Frontinsky, in general dance - tsevalnoy hall, come up to me, take me by the arm and say: "Here is a nice meeting, let's go to the buffet." Through the directory they also learned the rest, but in general, they had a good evening, and all attention was focused on our company, especially on Tatar costumes. The next day, subtract Steve's costumes, catch the suitcase carefully, and on purpose, on his horse, sent S.V. carino to his horse. Deve *to Tyarov with a letter of thanks, and enclose for his family an elegant large box of good chocolate, Yakubov dskago In the summer of the same year, we became friends with the Kozma family: Ignatievich Laptev, the Vyatka merchant, and a tannery breeder. this year, they began to visit alone with others. K.I._______857_______ Laptev built a cottage BE of the Makaryevsky volost of the Vyatka district, outside the village of Poroshinskaya / Mironovyh, verst 9 or 10 from Vyatka, on the other side of the Vyatka river. From Vyatka, they had to go to their cottage through the transport, past the village of Makarya, through the Taitsky factory, near the village of the Poroshini-Mironovs, and also verst 2 along the Karinskaya small village road. K.I. Laptevi, "my wife and I invited my family to go to their cottage to the cottage, as it were, quite easily. In the end, October, my wife and I took some children and a nanny with us. We went to the cottage from the house on small roads , through the village of Volkovo to the Karinskaya road, two horses. The rides from our village to Laptev’s cottage were about 15 or 18. We went there on the assumption that I would Laptev’s graveyard at the cottage for a day, take a walk, all his name and sightsee , and in the evening we’ll leave for Vyatka, we will spend the night there, by the way for tomorrow I have a place in Vyatka According to the bank. So obrazom sovmѣstim prіyatnoe sѣ useful ..Come to the cottage E.I. Laptev, we found a man of five guests from Vyatka. Among the guests were officers who were not familiar to me. At that time, newspapers were brought to the cottage from E Vyatka. Once an officer turns the newspaper around and publicly declares: “Gentlemen, I’ll pay attention: Manifesto.“, And begin to read the just announced High Manifesto on October 17, 1905. She is the native representative office. By reading the Manifesto, conversations and judgments began without any preny or debate.Having walked around the cottage forest and having a good meal at Lal Teva, we thanked the owners for their warm welcome and went to Vyatka. Dear nanny tells that ours. Yura, smiling to_______858_______ with which she walked in the garden, leading him by the hand / he was 3-x / / had a toy baby iron scapula for sand grazing. Somewhere for a minute, the nanny returned from the garden, and Jura was near a flower bed; there was a headlamp in the flowerbed - a dwarf dwarf, luxuriously crafted, si under a worn “hammer”. Pra struck with a spatula on the head of this dwarf, and it completely spilled. The nanny seized Yura and dragged off the crew, knowing that soon we would go to Vyatka; so no one has seen that our boys are broken. We began to ask Yura: "Why did you hit him, why did you get angry with him." Yura explained that this dwarf swung a hammer at him, so that he would first hit him with a hammer, and he would hit him with a shovel for that. Pieces. 5 or 6 of these dwarf ki Laptev. bought V. Paig at the World Exhibition in 1900, and arranged all the flowers in his garden in his dacha. Indeed, they were exquisitely crafted and were rich in garden garden. I don’t remember how I explained Otomi to E.I. Laptev who was innocently brought to an irresponsible, unconscious guest. damage. But I remember that I gave him through the gardener A.D. Rukomoinikov’s glass frames for greenhouses, because many of them stopped messing with greenhouses, destroyed them, and we did not need frames. I gave them K.I. Laptev, refusing to get money for them, believing that I had mentally covered him for the loss) caused by the Jura who defeated the dwarf dwarf.In 1905, the mayor of the city of Vyatka served in the elections. Vyatsk merchant son. Yakov Ivanovich. Scrapery Chevy, flax 36-38-mi, single, with higher education. During his service by the mayor, two three-year-olds, a lot of_______859_______ The Vyatka innovation introduction for beautification of the Vyatka city was arranged: telephone communication was arranged throughout the city and with a bright part of the district of Vyatskago and Slashbodsky. Almost all of the main streets of the city of Vyatka were paved. Water supply was carried out throughout the city from the central city water pumping station, and all the householders gradually began to use the common water supply system, giving away all BE houses at their own expense and paying water bills for the counters. / I remember very well how, before the water supply system, throughout the city, water was transported from the Vyatka river and sold houses for daltsevs with bucket special water carriers, and homeless owners - the housewives themselves carried water from the Vyatka river BE in buckets-on the yoke, carried a pair of buckets over their shoulders. .When Ya.I. Poskrebyshevѣ was arranged by the city. the central city electric station on Spasskaya Street, opposite the Gubernsky Zemstvo Council, on the corner of the municipal section of the City Council. The core of this city electric station was lit up by almost all the main streets of the city of Vyatka and public places, as well as private houses, but with payment by counters, but a fee approved by the city council. Even on the initiative of ..I. Poskrebyshe to improve ferry transportation via the Vyatka river. Before it there were wooden ferries, i.e. On large flat-bottomed boats, make a thick wooden deck surrounded by a railing. On such a ferry Bili was set up to 8 horses with carts and carts and 4 men, resting on poles, ferried the ferry to the other side, and the fifth man was at the helm. There were up to ten such ferries, and about 40 carriers were kept for this by the city, but the transportation was very difficult and the public had to spend hours on public days._______860_______ horses in line from one side and the other, especially during the Semenov fair or during the Velikorotsk Provo. For a version or two whole days there were queues of a horse - dei with carriages and carts. Ya.I. loskrebyshev, you think about the project to arrange 1 or 2 large ferries, for two ferry boats, also with a thick wooden floor and a railing, but each for 20, and transported not to the pole, but to the beech for small the steamer that is leased to Ot Yakof fomich Tyryshkin - the former Silinsky steamer. Swallow. But first, Y.I. Poskrebyshev set up a BE City Council in private meeting with the invitation of the Vyatsky and Slobodsky factory breeders. There was only three people from Slobodsky ugly to this congregation: I, Nick. Ilyich Vakhrushev and Frol Peter. Tѣsnikov, and several breeders of the Vyatka district. Discovering ambush, the mayor of Y.I. Poskrebyshev acquainted the driver with the project on improving the transportation of the city through the Vyatka river and stated that he should introduce these projects the other day for consideration by the city council. But the city budget is very burdened and urban homeowners are taxpayers ropa little for annually increasing taxes. They, as the initiators of the project improved transportation, decided to discuss this issue in advance. CE traveling breeders who, in their opinion, suffer more from all the inconveniences that still existed during transport, and therefore they should be more interested in improving the transport more quickly, in one way or another . "And therefore, if someone divides my thought and approves my project, then do not refuse to render material help to the cityalready_______861_______a kind of a lump-sum monetary contribution for the installation of new steam engines, and then the city will take the rest of the expenses on itself, such as: renting a boat and maintaining it. If it turns out that the donation is enough, then we will immediately arrange two yellow password ships for 20 horses with carts each, and if there is little money, we will send one ferry so far. "Nikolai Ilya recall 15 snikov and me to the side and say: "We, a settlement near the village, bear some expenses for Slobodskot district. Breeders do not help the city of Slobodsky Vyatka, therefore I think to refuse: let Vyatska arrange alone, without it." Lѣsnikov said: “Most Vyatka large breeders live on the city shore of the Vyatka river, they don’t need to transport by hand for no reason, because they don’t sacrifice anything, and we, although of Slobodsky district, need transportation for ourselves every day bring them with you or to transport them with goods, and therefore, the projected improvement is arranged sooner, it’s better. Therefore, you must donate at least a thousand rubles. " I said that I completely join the said f.p. lѣsnikovym and give 1,000 p. Returning to the table for delivery, we see that Vyatskie breeders Pervushini and Alexan signed a 1000 rubles each. We si_snikovym and signed 1,000 rubles each. and still someone from the Vyatsky breeders factory, in general 7000r and Nick. Ilyich said that he should take home consultations with his company partners and believe that the partners would not agree, because such expenses would be incurred in Sloboda district. Mayor Yak. he thanked everyone and said: "I repeat: who sees their interest in the fastest improvements in Vyat - transportation, please support who counts how much_______862_______ necessary, but voluntarily, without any entreaties and coercion, and whoever does not find interest in yourself in this, please do not force yourself. Now, for the signed 7000 p. while we freely arrange one ferry and a city to rent a steamboat, and then it will be visible. If you like it, if we see the need for a second ferry, then we will again seek funds, and IIoka - I thank Vasya all, gentlemen, for supporting my initiative. ”Indeed, by spring, arrange a large yellow ferry for 20 crews, and in the spring, completely filled the river, on this ferry they took the steamer. "Swallow" to Nakarya, at a distance of five versts, not only carts with horses, but they also took a rest and up to hundreds of people. And when the water gave the spa, then for the steamboat " Swallow "was transported across the river, between the city and Dymkovo, whether horses were transported by ferry, and most of the time they were transported by boat. While there was one iron ferry, and instead of the second they used old wooden ferries, tied them in two and also towed for the steamer, and not for the pole. in general, indeed, the crossing across the Vyatka river improved greatly, the queues were delayed only during fairs, Semenovsko and Velikoretskaya, but less than earlier when they were transported by rail. Ilyich didn’t materially participate in the construction of the ferry boat.After the announcement of the Manifesto of October 17, 1905 on the popular representation in the State Duma and the State Duma, a rally began, in ѣ Vyatka rallies, and on October 22 during the procession around the city, a massacre took place after the death of one schoolboy all the windows in the windows were knocked out. hotels Chuchalo wa, I have very much reported above._______863_______ At the end of the year 1 905 and the beginning of the year 1906, riots and unrest on political grounds proceeded throughout Russia. Most of the waves went to Moscow. A general Russian strike was declared, all the railways, the post office, and the telegraph stopped. But along the path, private mail continued to work. Before the strike, goods were sent to us from Moscow to Moscow, but we did not manage to send the documents. After 3-4 days, I decided to send Moscow to my courier, for couples of horses, for cross-country, by private mail. Equipped Vl. Ant. Nosov, handing him packages with all the documents and detailed reports that we had to go for water without any changes, calmly, and the strike did not have any influence on the factory. V.A.takivaya will work by then, and if w / d. still baoui, then ride a horse to Moscow, if you go to extremes go almost completely, or hire a cart from village to village. Vl. Nosov safely from day to day reached Nizhny Novgorod. Then the strike partially began to stop. Nizhny Novgorod Novgorod / d started to work; on the fourth day V.A. Nosov appeared in Moscow in the apartment of Pavel F. and handed the package to the great ud - the joy and pleasure of Pavel Fedorovich. Having visited five days in Moscow, V.A. Nosov returned to Vyatka, already after the Moscow rebellion was suppressed by the government, the strikes were stopped and the railways began to work regularly. Therefore, back to V.A. Nosov, go to Vyatka ѣhal a day and a half on the railroad and bring Ot Pav. Fed. letter of thanks that I guessed very well that I sent_______864_______ courier on horseback. At the same time, Pavel F. wrote to V.A. Nosov in detail about the situation of all our trade activities in Moscow and about how the turmoil went on during the general strike in Moscow, during which they all went home, afraid to leave so as not to get in Raise a random bullet. But in general, it went well, our company and Bosnia this time did not suffer any material damage. At the Vyatka and Slobodosha plants, workers were completely not propagandized, they were not sympathetic to the excitement, but rather hostile. There was such a case: the first time Vyatka agitators, a young man, apparently a student, on one horse, and all night. He stopped in the middle of our village, in the street opposite the house of Ivan Timofeevich. Having met a man of 10-15 workers going to the circle, he stopped the workers and asked him to find revenge - to arrange a rally, explain to the workers new laws and the rights of workers, in case of election to the State Duma. Workers said: "Contact the owners, they provide you with accommodation." Irina began to convince the workers that it was better to shame him exclusively with the workers, but they did not want to be the master, because they considered the owners to be exploiters who would take blood from the workers. One of the workers shouted: "Come on, good, good health to where you came from, we don’t have anything to talk about." Another shouted: "Guys, this is the agitation of the Tory of politics, beat him, or let him drag him to the squad, let him repeat that he was talking about blood." Agi tatorѣ hit the horse with a whip and quickly left the village for a sigh — he never showed up.The second story was the following: if you were uncleaning, the oldPt1_______865_______ Vice Afanasy, laundress, from the village of Trofimovskaya - Vakhrushi. Getting money is a paper ruble, hide it for yourself and say: "We need to hide it away, because, as if, now politicians-students are everywhere to take advantage, if they did not rob me. Take care and God take care." She begins to explain that nickname politicians-students do not scare and do not rob anyone. If prі - ѣzzhal in the village of kam nam studenti, then he was not for the purpose of robbery, and at night, but he was in the afternoon, he wanted to explain to the workers "the new horse about the national representation", but the workers did not want to listen to him and threatened to beat him. Of course, he promptly left, did not have time, as follows, to talk with the workers. The laundress Afanasya rejects: “You should have listened to what nonsense you are telling you that there were such people who took blood out of a human being. It’s nice to listen to such nonsense and lie to them: they are all our brother, illiterate people, deceive; Nam turuses on wheels, caresses, and then, look, he’ll also rob, otherwise he would have to tell us to fuck, and tell him what he needed fools for - intentionally removed Vyatka for 20 versts, it’s clear that he has some kind of "You have your own selfish purpose, and you will not dissuade us."By the end of December or the beginning of January, the Slobodsky local revolutionary Nikolai Nikolaevich Nakurin went around the town of Slobodsky and collected the signatures of the owner of the house to demand from Alexei Nick, the chairman of the regional council. Shklyaeva ө slowly abandon his post and leave Slobodsky. By the way, N.N. Makushin appeared to Nick. Dm. Plus Ninu, invited to subscribe to their request. n.d. Plyusnin refused to sign and said: "You, young man,_______866_______ this is in vain. If Vasya himself didn’t remove Slobodsky from such a piece of paper, and all the rest who are with. You will sign a similar paper. I would not advise you to climb the loop yourself and pull others along with you. "Did N.N. Makushin obey the advice of n.d.Plusnin, or for any other reason, but the collection of signatures was suspended and this was required by A.N. Shklyaev was not presented, but NDPlus Ninh immediately warned Shklyaev that he should be warned that he should be married to the seven Makushins, especially you would not go out alone in the evenings ..On the other day after the visit # to N. D. IIlyusnin Vakushi nym, in Slobodskoy, from the military workshop — a warehouse, finding it right at the barracks, on the outskirts of the city, revolutionaries stole pieces at night. one and a half hundred rifles and ammunition for him, and if not taken away to where. In the morning, it turned out that a large wooden hole had been sawn out of the back of the wooden wall, through which, apparently, several people got into the storehouse, threw rifles and boxes with cartridges with cartridges into the street, and the other, who remained outside their faces, were put in horses on a sled and immediately taken away. Another night fell. and all the tracks were swept, so it was impossible to establish which side had been taken away. Searches began at Makushiny and all dubious persons around the city and the place of residence, but they did not find anything, and the family of Lan Ushin, the youth, all disappeared from the city. After a few days an armed uprising broke out in Slobodskoy and in Vyatka. Three months before that, the Sloboda police officer. N.V. Frontinsky resigned. In his place, the governor was appointed governor of the former ex-assistant, Nikolai Alekseyevich Dumarevsky, and you are assistantsone_______867_______ the righteous one was a son. Nick. V. Frontinskago, Vlad. Nick. Frontinskiy. When the revolutionaries stole rifles and marched, intending to go all over Glazovskaya street with red and flags and posters, the assistant to the police officer, V.N. Frontinski, with all the mercy, and the police who were fighting at Slobodsky, armed with revolvers and checkers, meet a group of revolutionaries coming from the direction of Demyanka, at the beginning of Glazovskaya street, at the forge, with a naked sword and a revolver in hand. He demanded to disperse and give out the instigators, threatening to shoot who would not obey and forcefully blow the process with red flags and revolutionary posters. The procession, without listening to the warning, went ahead. Frontinsky command to his policemen we make the hall shoot up .. As soon as the first salvo rang out, as the whole procession of the Erazsypnaya you were broken up by different sides, partly threw up posters and flags, but almost nobody managed to catch them then.At the same time, rebellion happened in c. Vyatka, but already with rifles in their hands. / stolen and out. Sloboda military warehouse. V. Vyatka, the revolutionary revolution group was more numerous. In order to tame the revolution, the local howling from the Kotelnichesk battalion, also armed with rifles and machine guns, were called up. Revolutionaries rushed you to the Vyatka city public water pump, locked themselves there, and threatened to get into the water and leave the whole city without water. Negotiations have begun. At the end of the circle was surrounded by armed forces. On the part of the civilians of the city of Vyatka vel, negotiations were held between the city head, Yakov Ivanovich and Oskrebyshev, and personally, as parliament. ME AND. II oskrebyshev repeatedly visited the water_______868_______pitching and back to the Governor. In the evening, all the rest of the war, the revolutionaries surrendered, disarmed, and were arrested. Among those arrested. there were brothers Stepan and Nikolai Ilyich Vironov and Slobodsky brothers tіakushiny and their sister. Then theyall were sentenced and deported to BE Siberia.At the same time, the entrusted rebellion broke out in Slobodskoy uzdz, in Kanyu. There he found himself at the head of the revolutionary institution of the Zemstvo doctor Sokolov, who announced there the Kai resyk, to declare himself president, and arrested local officers and guards. I also included part of the military rifles stolen from the Sloboda military warehouse - yes. To pacify the Kai rebels, the sorrow of Slobodskaya was made by the police and soldiers of the local military unit. The rapid rebuilding of Kai was suppressed, and Dr. Sokolov was sorry for the mouth of the Kama and in the spring on the steamer he left the Kama on the Volga, and then went abroad. So, in the beginning of 1906, the E Vyatka local rebellion was liquidated. For the theft of propellers from the E Sloboda military warehouse 110stradal, first of all, the Sloboda military commanderѣ, Colonel Edriy Vla Zimarovѣ. He, ordered by the head of the Kazan Military District, had to give his judgment for the loss of service. He was found guilty that near the warehouse with rifles there was a punishment, there were only sentries inside the courtyard, near the doors, anthere was no guard of honor. This was the case with previous military commanders, but no one paid attention to it, and there was no unhappiness through it. From the moment Vinto Voki was stolen, the guard was introduced at the warehouse both inside the yard and outside.The Sloboda peaceful population of the city and the district was very_______869_______ depressed by the misfortune that befell Colonel Yu.V. Zakharov, because he and his family were loved by all Slobozhans and district residents. They began to confess whether it was possible to somehow help him and save him, not guilty of the wine.V. 1906, the year VY Vyatka, together with the governor Komutov, re-transferred to Kazan, was Vyatskim governor, the appointment of Prince Sergei Dmitrievich Gorchakov. Through the Governor of the Chancellery, Pavel N. Vklyaev, many new governors were asked, knowing his commissar, which, indeed, was a colonel. Zakharov suffers innocently, but as a targeted victim of the revolutionary movement. Prince S.D. Gorchakov said that the only time when one can rely on a favorable outcome is if the local monarchist party Vola would intercede for Colonel Yu.V. Zakharov to the Highest Name, setting out in detail the essence of the matter and showing that the colonel himself is a convinced monarchist and enemy of the revolution, and therefore his revolutionaries have screwed up their own as one, as we once said. Talk with the presidium. The Vyatka monarchist party, compiled a petition for the Highest Name, began to collect signatures: the head of the Vyatka monarchist party, subscribed and not members of the party, but sympathizing with the right to governing and hostile to the revolutionary mood, manifestations and local revolutionaries. Signature was about a thousand. Through the Vyatsk Governor, upon his recall, the petition went to Petersburg, to the Highest Name. After a few months, it turned out to be: The complete pardon of Colonel Yu.V. Zakharov, who left him an official office and orders, but was liable for compensation for material losses incurred by the treason for the number of rifles that were not found_______870_______ ny. But there were not very many of those who were lost, for the Vyatka revolutionaries had the main number, and they were taken away from them. jari arrestѣ iha ѣ vodokachkѣ. And then part of the blame turned out to be}} {like with Dr. Sokolov, who, having knocked down on a kama, left rifles hidden in the forest, but they were found. Paul koenika Yu.V. Zakharov was transferred from Slobodskoy to the position of military commander in a county town. Urzhum, Vyatka - the same province. We, the breeders, arranged a farewell dinner for him and offered him an address in a luxurious park and presented us with a silver tea service. such is special from 24th of October, otak! Kaka rovykh, through Iv.A.Kazenin, who especially emphasized the good attention and growth of our victim It was laid down to the colonel O.V. Zakharov. Please give him complete mercy, and materially, as if with your valuable gift, we would help him to partially cover him and impose on him a loss of treasury. At the end of the meeting, the Chairperson of Urzhumskogo, Sergey Aleksandrovich. Having humbled again, meeting with me at the provincial zemsky assembly, he said that “the whole province is admired by your children, manifested by 10 RELATIONS of Colonel Yu.V. Zakharov. You saved him from shame, from poverty, as well as his whole family. The conclusion brought him farewell a luxurious, well-felt address (which I have read) and a valuable gift that he is proud of before all Urzhumsky district.The revolution of 1905 - 1906 swept across all of Russia. In the south of Russia there were more large lack of orders: needles help - whose names and killed helpers, etc. But in all of the Vyatka governorate, comparatively, much quieter passed: apart from the rebellion described above, there was almost nothing._______871_______ When the revolution was finally suppressed, everything calmed down, the railways began to work regularly and Vyatka and Moscow were connected by the railroad through Vologda-Yaroslavl. Then I bought for a gift to Adelkhanov a couple of horses that I had in mind for a long time - canary color, with dark manes and a dark strap on the back, but not a savar sleep, but saline, i.e. light canary blossom. A radical medium-sized, very beautiful 80-folded, but not very fast on the go, and a respectable one, slightly lower in stature, also beautifully built, very hot in character, and as I walked in large, fast tracks, I sent these horses along the train. / d through Vologda in} {o square, and from ѣ downtown Pavel Fed. re reotra wil them on the railway in Tiflis, accompanied by a specially hired man for this stable, whose duties lay along the way to Tiflis to water, feed and clean the horses and to change their bedding straw. Losha di were safely delivered. They were in good condition and handed over to the son of G. Adelkhanova. Horses all in Tiflis really liked their beauty, and you especially original fancy color - made a splash and drewmore attention. Adelkhanov sent us a thank-you letter from his whole family, and to the guide - the groom the distance was 50 rubles. Through 30, in Paris, many were delivered sour cream, your horns and oil were farmer Lev Ivanovich Ivanov, a former colonel, a native of the city of Tiflis. I asked him: “Did you know Adelha is new.” Ivanov to inform you that not only did you know, but were at his factory, during the last war, a representative of the military acceptance office of the Issyk Sapog and others were unmanned. His boots were always very good, I also asked: "They saw that_______872_______You have one time with him a couple of canary horses with dark manes. "Ivanov confirmed:" Yes, at one time he had a very beautiful pair of canary horses; they often rode on them in a chic phaeton, together with their wife and son, and each Tiflis resident stopped and admired admiring the original color of the horses.Shortly before the Japanese War, my cousin Ivan Alekseyevichi Kazenin prіzhzzhal from Moscow BE Vyatka and married our teacher Nina Nikolaevna Leontyeva. Returning to Moscow, he took a separate apartment on Dyatnitskaya Street, in the house of Mezzerin, in the courtyard, and continued to serve with the Makarovs; But after the Japanese War, he came to him from Siberia BE Moscow to take his cousin on his mother’s side, Andrei Nikolayevich Lya again and offered Yves. A.Nazenin to create a company and organization andTrading House and deal with the commission of M EKHOVYE and leatherhome ...I reported above that in the name of his father, i.e. Aleksey Nova, a newcomer to Kazenin, the first stone shops that were leased to N.I. Ifere is a supporter, and Ifetr Ivanovich Kazenin used rent, i.e. take dead Alexy Ivanovich. The direct heir to the post of Aleksey Ivanovich was legally his children: sons 1 Ivan Alekseyevich E and Elizaveta Alekseyevna. But while Uncle Petr lived, the legal heirs, although affirmed the rights of inheritance, did not deprive the uncle of the right to use the rent of this shop. When Uncle Petr Ivanovich died, Ivan Alekseyevich sold this shop Al. An. Ҳlѣbnikov for 10), 000 rubles. and provided the entire amount received for the shop, i.e. 10,000 p._______873_______The order of Elizabeth’s husband, Alexander Alexandrovich Kazenin, is open for grocery and fish trade, in the same shopping and living room building, but from the side of the square and Moskovskaya street. But Ivan Al. took with. Alex Alexander. bills by presentation, agreeing that while Ivan Al. If he serves with Makarov, then the whole amount may temporarily be used by his sister Elizabeth Al. with the husband. But when Ivan Al decided to stop serving the Makarovs and start his business, then si was warned for six months, Alex. Al Cazenin pledged to pay the entire bill to Ivan Alekseyevich. In this way. 5-6 years Al. Al I used this amount, and still having my own savings, I developed my grocery well and bought V. Vyatk near the Hlynovskago bridge, a two-story house and a shop. Above, I reported that for my sake, in the name of my wife, in the name of my wife, Apollinarii Alekseevna, I obtained a loan from the Vyatka public Veretennikovsky bank, and I made friendly bills of exchange Al. Al.Kazenina used this loan for several years, but sometimes A.A. Kazenin was in need of friendly bills. Then we ate issued friendly bills on behalf of Apollinariy Alekseevna. Thus, we were mutually beneficial to each other. {{when IvanE Alexeyevich decided to take up a commission in Moscow at CE A. 1. Iyapunov, he demanded that Al. Al Itazenin on bills money. Then Alex. Alex pledged their home to the Vyatka merchant, the usurer Istomin, for 7000 r. and the remaining 3000 p. they took from their working capital their groceries and paid the full amount to Ivan Al.Kazenin. The last one set up a Loskvovy house. "A.I. Lyapunov and Iv.Kya.Kazenin_______874_______ with investment capital. 15,000 rubles each, totaling 30,000 rubles. Their business went well, for A. A. Lyapunov had a great acquaintance with the raw materials, moss-keepers and tanners in Siberia, and Yves on Al.Kazenin had a great acquaintance among breeders - zhevnikov and mukhovshchikov, as well as a great acquaintance, were also with the Muscovites - businessmen. On the last occasion, Lyap at novi and Kazenini repeatedly, having a commission from: Sibiryakov, orders for selling leather from raw materials, were sold personally to our company, to the trading house F.T. Vakhrushev Sons. But Alexander Al.Kazenin vyat - kѣ, returning to Ivan Al. 10,000 p., Bloodied himself - he did not have enough working capitalѣ, did not manage to keep up with the proceeds and justify the bills within the time limit. The protests of the age of mudflows, issued for goods in Kazan and other distant clans, began on him. They reached the bank of Vyatka about the protests and the pledge of the house of Istomin. Banks began to offer me many proposals to replace promissory notes with censuses, when re-counting, other, explaining that he had protests and that they secretly knew that the house of A.A.Kazenin was Istomin's mortgage and I did not know that yet. Then, where I gradually replaced all the bills of the Cossacks with the public bank V.S. Vilina, and personally to A.A.Kazenin, banks completely closed credits in connection with the protest. Sohe did not need us friendly bills on behalf of Apollinarіy Alexeyev. This is where our s ended. A.A.Kazenin. friendly bill operation, painless for the general party.In the spring of 1906, Pavel Fed. prіkhal dovі oh. We began to discuss what to do with shoe machines. The second steam boiler was installed. Fleet steam engine and dynamo for elekBUT_______875_______the trinity was established. Electricity will light up the whole backwaters and the house and office, we are the first to: village. But for electric motors, there is almost no work, shoe machines are in the barn, and the rest of the hard work in the factory is as follows: 3 The crust and the washing of ash skin were handled well by the steam engine purchased by Ot Aleksandrova.After much discussion, we decided to equip a shoe factory and, for the time being, temporarily operated Sarah Pulskago’s private shoes for Siberia, for private sale, wrote a telegram to Dan to send a fitter for setting up the shoe machine. Prіkhhalt monter nѣmets Maks Tsіteymberg, to whom we undertook to pay a daily allowance of 15 rubles. per day. Monter did not say a word and did not understand Russian, and we did not speak German. They contacted Slobodskoye, the gymnasium teacher, Yuliy Kondratovich Fyuger, and brewer Aleksandrovykh, Albergher, who, in turn, recognized us and listened to us. Shteymberg in quality translator. The staging of shoe machines went quickly and within a month it was possible to start other masters working on machines shoes. But for machine work, pads for boots are required with an iron sole; such we had been discharged from Menus and brought at the same time with shoe machines, but for the soldiers’s boots they were completely unsuitable for private shoes. 2.You have all the fashion shoes for the private Siberian market and price lists of all Sarapul shoe manufacturers for steel from Sarapul, Vyatka province. - breeder. Iron plates were brought to the Sarapuli pads brought from the plantar side, fully adapt the pads to work on the machine -_______876_______fuck. All this took another month, and during this time we lost Dan Mustache. all the time and eh, getting 15 p. per day per diem. When the pads were made, the installer began to teach our workers how to work boots on cars. This required a third month. At the same time, we got a master and one cutter, Sѣdykh, from Sarapul, who brought with me some cuts / basting / all varietal and required in Siberia on a private market for boots and women's shoes). Did he and his ten leaders begin to tailor for private? shoes and our designers, partly when cutting leather on breech shoes. For the sale of shoes of 110 Siberia, we took a roadster from Vennik Smagin from Sarapul, i.e. Samago large Sarapulskogo shoe factory owner /, Alexander Vasilievich. Late. Price lists were discontinued under the guidance of voyager A.V. Pozdneev. The work of mechanical shoes began at our factory. Has the stigma gone with a six-pointed star? Our voyage our lover on Sea Bir with samples and price lists and to collect orders. It turned out that the master. So far, we have too narrow a pattern in the boot of the shaft, so that some boots are tight on the leg. We had to make changes. All this did not succeed, without any experience and without good leaders, it was expensive and for a long time did not work out what mine could be called ideally good. We began to execute and send orders collected across Siberia with the entire yachter. All the second births were provided by the creditor on bills of exchange, which is completely natural, because in Siberia we never heard about woes, no one knows how hard it will be to wear. Although the Voyager in Siberia had a great acquaintance among merchants in every city, when before_______877_______ he was sold by the company Smagin. But having appeared on behalf of a new company, unknown to a buyer who is already used to it. how much to buy from one or two. Sarapul ulskih fa bribantov, refers first to the new offer ish si nedovѣ rіem and is afraid that you will remain from the diligent supplier, and the new if it turns out to be unsatisfactory, and sit between two hundred levs. The Voyager has to persuade the buyer, at least for the first time, to give a small trial order, interest. its value, i.e. I’m 2% more off the price list to give to his old friends suppliers and to lend for 12 months longer. And then even for a matter of fact, to prove that our product will be benign and will be worn longer on the foot. But although the voyager is talking about the last day, but the buyer is bad to lie and convinced only after 2-3 years, when his small customers, the consumer consumers, came to that merchant and asked: “Give me many boots with a stigma. A six-pointed star, like I bought it from you last year, because it turned out to be very durable: I’ve taken them twice as long. " When dealers in Siberian cities began to receive such requests from a few customers, then only dealers themselves began to search for our voyager and began to send orders directly to our office at the factory to the post office. But before that, 2 or 3 years passed. Our first voyager, Smagin skіff cousin, Alec. You. he fell ill and went away, and after them he went to Sarapul, the master cutter recommended by him. Сѣ breath. You have already learned how to cut your own cutters and got your own patterns outlined, and Polikarp Vasilievich Obzherin and Sloo have been appointed to head the shoe factoryone_______878_______ Bodskoy citizen Gaidu, who earlier in Slobodsky worked in hand-made ladies' urban shoes. For sale in Siberia Pavel Fed. Moscow took a voyager, formerly from Moscow. the shoe merchant Pogrebov and Egorov - Alekskiy Alexandrovich Usanov, who also has a great acquaintance in Siberia. But I will say below about his servicesѣ and the results of his work.At the same time, at the shoe factory, we, at the initiative of Pavel Fedorovich, decided to simultaneously engage in the production of felt boots from wool at our tannery, assuming that wool is part of the skin of our factory to go to felt boots when we produce felt boots and, of course, move to a chip more expensive, than we sell it at the Nizhny Novgorod fair to the breeders of Kineshamsk uzda, working boots.. The second reason we had was that in Siberia, voyagers would be unleashed with samples, if they would sell leather shoes and felt boots for the same expenses, then there would be direct benefit from wearing them. Third, Pavel Fed. VE скo squvѣ sent the offer of the master of the Nizhny Novgorod province, An drіan Nikolaevich Semenov, to come to us and equip the valen production and supply all the valen’s business, having presented that he served in a large factory and knows this business well. The only thing we didn’t have was room for Valenago production. But we decided to build parallel to the machine building, from the side of the factory of Ivan Fedor., But on our factory yard, a stone one-story building, with one end adjoining to the factory, to the billets, and the other end not reaching a lot of 10 fenders bought Ivanovskago. Building this_______879_______ in the summer of 1906, the ceiling was made vaulted with 2 tavir beams and cemented from above, like floor for the 2nd floor, but so far the 2nd floor. did not send. The roof on this is one story. We haven’t been happy with the arrangements yet, bearing in mind that if for some reason we don’t have to go to our domestic production, then we will arrange tanning separation of the drums in this building afterwards, and we will lay the second floor on top. For closed separation, because this year the closed separation was still in the building. Willow and Vasiliy Fedorovich nad clean-up. For Ivan and Vasiliy Fed. were still members of our company. Having appeared, the master of the Lower Rhod was required for valenәk to write out the highest grade of Russian Sheep's wool, a coat from Siberia and other varieties. We are through commissioners. Yak.F. Okulov was delivered from Iza Chita and through Khusain Abd. Tyumenev compartment or from Petropavlovsk. His cowhide for boots), it turned out to go very ignorant we had our first disappointment when we brought wool from Siberia. Masterprize wool is not of seasonal collection and low sorting, warned that knee-high boots come out not clean and not of the highest quality; becoming a second disappointment. Nizhny Novgorod masters A.N. I had to get new craftsmen from Malmyzh - a district of the Vyatka province. I am through the provincial voice of the Malmozhsk district, Naumov, I took out three families from the Malmyzh district; Tatars men rolled boots, and their wives embroidered. We took the Tatar apartment for families below the house, under the apartment of mechanic Poludnitsyn, room in which_______880_______ in the previous year, a disinfection chamber was temporarily arranged for soldiers in a fur coat. The production of felt boots began, so all the good. We ourselves didn’t understand anything in this respect: what varieties of wool are required and what percentage is needed for the boots to be good and their cost would be no more expensive than competitorsѣ: they fully hoped and relied on craftsmanship. And the masters, wanting to prove that they can make good boots, put a large percentage of expensive wool of the highest quality. Valenoks appeared to be decent in our opinion, but it cannot be said that first-class, or worse, other factories are edging, but they are much more expensive than their cost to us - they were worth more than price-list selling prices. I had to sell at a loss) - this is the third disappointment with felt boots. Finally, we didn’t like that the work of boots was done in hot water. steam continuously heated from a steam boiler; workers roll naked boots only in their underpants; There is a constant supply of water vapor throughout the walls and ceilings. Raw materials and brick walls are laid. We were afraid that we would lose steam and it would fall apart - that’s 4, the final disappointment, and we eliminated the felt boot until the same year, selling the remaining wool and felt boots at a lossAfter the end of the Japanese-Russian War, accountant Volya-Kama Bank, Dmitry Stepanovich Stratonov, having left the service in Vyatka and the Volga-Kama Bank, decided to open in St. Petersburg to open the Vyatka branch of Siberia. Compiled a memorandum on behalf of the breeders and traders Slobodsky and Vyatskago uzzdov. Come to the village, to many, and ask my opinion - how do I react to the idea that I opened the Vyatka branch of the Siberian Ban_______881_______ ka. Having received a satisfactory reply, I read the report of my report and asked me to sign it first. I asked: “Why don’t you offer anyone in Vyatka, respectable and older than me.” Straton explained that he “deliberately got it: collect signatures in front of the Sloboda district and the city, as well as in Sloboda private banks, and Vyatka” Settlement is near the nearest; secondly, you have to remove the breeders. You are a respectable breeder, and, most importantly, more mobile. If you had to, as the first signatory, come to Petersburg with me and come in to talk personally to the Management Board of the Siberian Bank, then you, I hope you don’t refuse and you can do what you need, tale five; and Bt3, to respond to this request, wire the signatory to the address first, and you, as my close friend, will immediately notify me by telephone and together we will call. ”Having received my signature, d. Stratonov has accepted Sloboda To Ivan A. Saltykov, Plyusninin, to ӣ Maҳnev, to Demyanka to Ivan Tim. Vakhrushev and others, and waited on the way back, until there were many signatures that were collected up to thirty. In our village they didn’t send anyone anymore, saying: “I’ll pick up the same amount in Vyatka and the other day I’ll personally go to Il-Petersburg.” Weeks later. 2 3, I get from P Petersburg telegram from the Main Board of the Siberian Bank, approximately the following contents: The petition of the Slobodsky and Vyatka merchants The board of directors was gratefully acknowledged and instructed Dmitry Stepanovich Stratonov to find the room and immediately open a branch of this commercial bank. Troyanovskiy. I skipped the fond to Stratonov. He just returned from Petersburg_______882_______and was going to telephon himself to many. Briefly I talked on the phone about the result of my application and asked me to come to him when I was in Vyatka. The next day, after having sent Vyatka according to my wishes, I went into the apartment of D.S. Stratonova. He told me a fraction of the time about his motions and about his impressions. He said: “Do not worry, make everyone happy. I wrote to Slobodskaya IA Saltykov and F.I.L. Lisnikov, and asked them to inform everyone in Slobodskoy whom they considered necessary, and when I go to Vyatka I will inform them all myself.” I will advise the oval Stratov to personally write to Slobodskaya Ivan comrade Vakhrushev personally, which he fulfilled with gratitude.Room for the separation of the bank D.S. When Stratonov had agreed before going on to St. Petersburg, next to the Volga-Kama bank, Alexander Iv. Silina, on Spasskaya Street, half of the Siberian rooms, with the right to send them to a large hall for the bank. The alteration immediately began, and after another 2-3 days we didn’t receive everything, we received an invitation to the grand opening of the Vyatka branch of the Siberian Bank. I’ve gone to triumph. From - service was a solemn prayer with a choir. pvvchi. Champagne served. The first toast was proclaimed by the Governor of the Vyatsk branch of the State Bank, Alexander Ivanovich. There are approximately the following contents: "Every Russian family, when a new family member is born, rejoice and welcome each other with a newborn. You are our bank. seven today a new member was born - the Commercial Siberian Bank, which we all warmly bring to life and wish him fruitful activity and prosperity for the benefit of Russian industry and trade. "_______883_______ The unanimous, long unceasing "cheers, cheers, cheers ..." toasts continued for a long time, but relatively faded, compared to Svtovidovym. D.S. Stratonov was offered toasts for the Main Management Board of the Siberian Bank and for all Vyatka and Slobodsk businessmen, future customers. A telegram was immediately drawn up, a welcome message on behalf of all those who had gathered at the open business, which everyone signed and Stratonov from the rules. Tea and champagne lasted 3-4 hours. Siberian Bank started in 1906, began its work in Vyatka.A year later, another private Russian-Foreign banks were opened at Vyatka. The premises were rented by them on Moskovskaya Street, near to. State bank. But I wasn’t at the open Russian-Foreign Bank - probably, at that time, I was in departure from Siberia,At the end of 1905, Slobodskoy before the publisher of the congress, Zemsky, bosses, Arkady Ivanovich, Rossikhin, sent away from the bid on the occasion of the elderly. The Chairperson was appointed to Slobodskoy, Prezav Iz Iz Il'etburga, Feofil Erofeevich Shostko. Appearing in Slobodskaya, he immediately bought in the town of Slobodsky, on Glazovskaya Street, the house of the widow of Dr. K.P. Kochkina. Sdѣlav visits to Slobodsky, E.E. What to do with a visit to many. I sat down on a small terrace, near the front door to the path, at the tea table. I see an unknown official entering a courtyard entering a courtyard. Vitz-uniform, without a coat, and take off my daughter 6 or 7. For this reason, I suggested that these were donations from any company or from St. Petersburg insurance officials. I dryly ask him: "Whom do you need. * He is recommended, but_______884_______the first chairman of the congress, F.E. lostko, prі прkhal get acquainted with P.A. Vakhrushev, Zemsky public. I invited you to the room and we met for tea. F.E. He often says that Kochkina’s house was bought, but at home there are good wooden barns, which maybe are necessary for the merchant, but he, the official, don’t need them, and he would prefer to turn them into money, more so that he lacks 1000 r. pay for the house. Kochkina. "I advised you to live in Slobodskoy, because you also bought barns from Dr. Yves novskago," maybe buy from me. "I said that we were building then and the barns were bad for us, that's why we bought it, and now my whole construction is finished and there’s a suitable place to put them. F.E.Shostko to ask:" Well, think, ms that you can arrange something, help me, we will be able to live together in zemstvo activity and be useful to each other in general. "I thought it was better to have an extra friend, an extra enemy and said:" Well, tomorrow I will be in Slobodsky, I’ll come to you with a great visit, I’ll look at the barns and, as I can, I’ll make it. " The next day, inspect the barns, I found them not much smaller than the barns. Ivanovo, and thinner. Said about it F.E. Shostko, but they should say: "Please do not offend me, help me out of the predicament that you can pay something, I need a thousand rubles to pay." - "Well, if you please, I buy barns for 1 000 r., But I will not take them away immediately, but to pray after 2-3 months, or in winter, when I find a suitable place for them." Immediately paid him 1000 p., Took a sold receipt. On my way back I stumbled to Ivan Mikhailovich Kropachev, c. which was received for the skin sold to him_______885_______venous flap. For tea, they started talking that I met a new chairperson, and they had many imposed Kochkinskaya barns for 1,000 rubles, which were completely unnecessary to us. Iv.11.18ropachevі say: "I didn’t know, we would need barns, we would love to buy it. If you don’t need yourself, give in to us a little, you can give us some benefits. Please take a look tomorrow," I say: “If necessary - take it. " I take out a sketch, show it to and. 11 Kropachev and say: “Steal, you want - take for 1000 rubles. You don’t need much, and look too much. If we saw barns from Ivanovskago, these are a little worse, but new, for this amount not to build, but as if okon_on, then still I 000 p. to stand. "And. M. brought me a lot of 1000 rubles, and I on the receipt ѣ Shostko handed over the endorsement inscription. The next day, I. Kropachevi examined the barns and immediately began to carry. When I later saw F.E. Shchostko, he thanked me that I soon freed him to raise a garden and help him out to pay Kochkina for the house. and I.V. Kro thanked pachevi that I lost to him without any benefit very much under the suitable barns.In 1905, I was reelected from the peasants of the Stulovsky volost, vowels for the second three-year period. BE of the local zemstvo assembly, in the fall of 1905, I was re-elected to the tribute of the Rubernskie vowels, and at the same time three of them were beaten by the Provincial vowels elected Pavel Rum: Zarkin and F.I. Kosin. The Vyatka Provincial Zemstvo was considered in Russia as an advanced Zemstvo, exemplary in servicing local needs and the most liberal until 1906. Make up the vowels of the past, in the majority, peasant, because gӯbernіya was not nobility and there were not many in number. This peasant_______886_______the composition of the vowels partially imposed its imprints on the activity of the zemstvo. Zemstvo worked mainly in c. areas of national education, medicine, road construction, agronomy, etc. Zemsky schools due to district zemstvos were everywhere in the province. Approximately up to 2–3 schools of the Zemsky land accounted for each volost, and their number was each Kazdy. year increased.The Provincial Zemstvo Assembly in 1903 or 1904 decided to introduce universal compulsory education throughout the Vyatka province and, upon request of the Provincial Zemstvo, to establish all the necessary plans for the development of the region. The plan for this was to consider the arrangement of elementary schools for the population of radom som. Three to three versts. In recent times, it was a joy to meet with some of the provinces of our province peasant youth, especially males, who are completely illiterate. In zemstvo schools, teachers and mainly teachers were almost all secondary educated, graduated from the secondary school, diocesan school in Vyatka and a special teacher at a seminar. Almost annually the Provincial Zemstvo organized meetings of teachers, where, under the guidance of the inspector of national schools, teachers read lectures on the methods of learning. The last peasants, even adults, were very interested. In the city ѣ Vyat - to при, under the Governor of the Skoy zemstvo hospital ель medical assistants were arranged_______887_______ medical courses, veterinary courses and obstetric courses, which issued feuilleurs and midwives for the needs of the village, most of the students attending these courses, again, were among peasants and residents of the Vyatka province. In the region of secondary education, the Vyatka Zemstvo also did a lot. In the city of Vyatka there was a real school, supported by government subsidies, at the expense of the Provincial Zemstvo, and therefore the director of the real school was elected Vyatsky. Provincial - by the zemsky zemsky collected. It was opened in 1905 or 1904, the secondary technical school, the magnificent building of which was built at the expense of the Provincial Zemstvo, on land free of charge provided by the city. Vyatka by decree of the City Duma, when the mayor was Yakov. Iv.ӀӀoskrebyshevѣ.ӘThis school, although it was opened not so long ago, was delivered and equipped excellently, and already produced a technician, OpenThis school was celebrated with solemn prayer and worship, which was attended by all the vowels of the Provincial Zemstvo and the Provincial Zemstvo, the city of the vowels and the thought of the mayor of Poskrebyshev, the Governors and Honor. nye citizens of the city of Vyatka. I have come to my senses as the Provincial Zemsky Vowel. This time I participated for the first time at a public offi- cial meeting, with the participation of the Governor and other public activists, and I was strongly impressed by the unique public toasts and the whole ceremony. I paid special attention to the electrical installation of the device in the dining room, where we had lunch. In the middle of the ceiling, instead of the ceiling, there was a hemisphere, with strong, bright lamps covered with an opaque cap - hemisphere, and around_______888_______the whole hall, ledge eaves, gypsum asterisks were made bright small matte bulbs. I just decided that I would also arrange in my house, BE the ceiling of the hall, the same sanctification, but less than the size that I had done afterwards.In all the district cities of the Vyatka province there were women’s gymnasiums, and recently, gymnasiums began to spread in gymnasiums and at the same time men’s gymnasiums or real schools were opened, with the participation of the zemstvos. In recent years, secondary schools were not only not only in the cities, but you were also reined. In Vyatka district, in the village of Voyagalakh, for local donations of local people, including Fedor Ivanovich Nalyapin, who was born in Voyagalakh when his father was a psalm-maker at the church of Vokhgaly, there was a good school for women; The Vyatka Provincial Zemstvo took part in the construction of this building. The government took upon itself the further maintenance and opened the name of the village of Vozhgaly. In the name of “Savali” of Dalmyzhskoe, the brothers IIetr Ivanovich and Ivan Ivanovich Aleksandrovy were arranged and maintained at their own expense by the Alexandrovs secondary agricultural school, especially for the peasants of the name * Savali ”and for the closest peasants of the village of Malmyzdzhizyogo. Izhevskon and Votkinskom for the waters of the Darangul and Elabuzh factories. ”In all of these secondary schools, a lot of peasants, residents and children of the rural and urban clergy, church servants studied The first, as well as the children of the zemstvo employees.one_______889_______ mainly ӣ giving their zemstvo employees and peasants to us. Vyatka province, studying in the capital or in Kazan. VE Vyatka, but there were no higher educational schools.Medical assistance to the population was, due to the district zemstvos, such organized well. In each volost there was a land felsher and midwife. In addition, in each district there were 2-3 doctors with small hospitals with them and all official personnel, and in each district city there was a well-equipped hospital with a doctor, a man and a woman, and a maternity hospital and a district pharmacy, which dispensed with a good zemsky district payers of the medicine for free. And also any medical assistance to peasants and generally poor people turned out to be doctors, medical assistants and midwives for free. In the city: Vyatka, besides the regional zemstvo hospital, there was a huge provincial zemstvo hospital and separate isolated buildings for infectious patients and for psychiatric mentally ill patients, and a huge provincial hospital kept at the expense of the provincial zemstvo. for free services for the population of the entire province in case of pain in the province there were several doctors specialists for various diseases. V. Glazovsky’s bridle to live Votyaki, among whom was spread the contagious eye disease $, trachoma; To combat this disease, Ot of the Gubernskoe Zemstvo organized medical mobile units. Thus, in the last time this disease completely disappeared.The provincial zemstvo in the Vyatka governorate contained veterinarians, doctors and felshers, all of which were mainly concerned. - prevention of frequent episodes among cattle in order to wean peasants from different Konovalov and healers,_______890_______ wandered early in the villages. Also, the duties of the veterinarian were to monitor the improvement of the breed of household - livestock, for which nurseries were set up. From the last, they were sent by train. breeding bulls, cows, pigs, sheep, etc. V. Vyatka was a state equestrian center for water, from which, by all means, in villages or villages, mobile random sites were arranged in order to improve the breed of horses. Agronomic assistance to the population was organized through experimental fields and nurseries. Selling at cheap prices for peasants: plows, threshers, flocks, mowers and other agricultural items. It was the responsibility of the agronomist to open the house, to observe the experimental fields and nurseries; to teach peasants how to use plows or other newly introduced and agricultural grains.The provincial zemstvo for the entire province contained staff of insurance agents in each county through which compulsory zemstvo insurance was introduced. For almost every village, a zemstvo. a fire engine was handed out, for the repair of which, for each district, a traveling repairman was kept, from early spring and until the fall constantly razvezzhavshіy and free of charge inspected and repaired and repaired.To the peasants. Provincial zemstvos issued interest-free loans for the installation of roof or tile roofs. It was the duty of insurance agents to observe that such loans were spent on a tiled or iron roof, rather than being pledged. The same agents were obliged to follow the return of the BI loan for a specified ten-year period. Since there were no tiled factories in the Vyatka province, and no one built a wing for the skull, the zemstvo set up two exemplary tiled plants,_______891_______ they trained the craftsmen to make roof tiles and for the first time they sold roof tiles to peasants below their cost and trained those who bought how to tile roofs in order to interest peasants and wean them to cover buildings with straw, which is a very dangerous fireIn the V. Vyatka province, create a backwater for the production of coniferous oils, fir, spruce and pine. This backwater was also considered exemplary and the former zemstvo zemstvom. Coniferous oils went to the local pharmacy, but were sent only a hundred.faces and abroad.Given the vast area of ​​the Vyatka province and the huge distance between the population and the districts of the province and the district and cities, the issue of traffic is very important. Provincial Zemstvo with this. the issue was intensely dealt with by arranging highways to a role along postal tracts and country roads, as well as bridges along these paths. and roads. Every year, from each county of the zemstvo zemstvo, the provincial zemstvo assembly received applications, backed up by smashes compiled by the provincial road technicians living in each county. The provincial zemstvo annually spent a lot of money on the road for all expenses, without being able to satisfy all the requests for travel. The Provincial Zemstvo Assembly, in principle recognizing the need for the appropriation requested, established a queue or divided the completion of the indicated work into several years. For example, the construction of the highway from Slobodsky in the direction of Vyatka was deemed necessary to be sent along the postal tract at a distance of 15 versts, i.e. only there, where clay soil. But the appropriation for these works was divided into 5 years; takeleven_______892_______ work was done: they traveled 3 versts annually. While working in the provinces, the zemstvo all defended the interests of the provinces and the population and in front of the central government of Russia. There were questions about the construction of the railways, and the Zemstvo IposiThey made their delegations to St. Petersburg to protect one or another direction of the road, in the development of local industry or trade, and for the economic interests of the population of the province. Another was sent by the zemstvo to the population of the province, mainly for the poor peasants, another was in the project, and again in the interests of the peasantry, but all this collapsed and went to waste in the parish. K. power Bolshevik.VE of the Vyatka province handicraft industries were especially developed, especially the production of wood objects made by Vyatka handicraftsmen: furniture or various small things from Karelian birch trees or rootlets could be met into the capital and throughoutSiberia and even they traveled abroad, and in particular small sidekicks of the forging of the Vyatka artisans made a splash not only at Russian exhibitions, but also at foreign exhibitions. The provincial Zemstvo of Zemstvo organized a very interesting work in this industry: it was built in the city of Vyatka, a museum, where these articles of local artisans were sold, and then soldrevenge, were sent to fairs - Irbit, Nizhny Novgorod and other cities and countries. At the head of the museum were put special leaves from E of Moscow with an artistic education, Ermine. A zemstvo book warehouse was organized under the Provincial Zemstvo Administration, specially built for this purpose. In this warehouse, you could buy any books you like, or write them out of the capital through the Zemstvo Book Manager.fourteen_______893_______ books necessary for storage. A separate Zemstvo weekly newspaper was published at the warehouse, dealing exclusively with issues of local Zemstvo life and articles on agronomic issues, which were very useful for peasants. Provincial. A small agricultural exhibition of cattle breeding and poultry farming and gardening was organized annually by the zemstvo. At this exhibit exhibits. peasants were given diplomas, medals and monetary awards from the Provincial Zemstvo, for encouragement, to peasants and the Council of Europe in order to interest them in improving the breed of livestock, smoking, ducks, geese and so on. The zemstvo instructors gave the exhibition managers all kinds of household tips, books, and brochures for different branches of the economy for free at the exhibition; The end But, not everything went smoothly in the work of the land, there were also shortcomings, but these shortcomings, if promptly missed, were possibly eliminated. There was a common illness at that time - a passion for politics and populism. There were left and right. Of course, this division entailed a party spirit and spoiled and weighed the enormous work of the zemstvo, which it was called upon to do. This disease was common to all of Russia and in 1905 it was during the head of the provincial zemstvo, the chairman of the council, Leonid. Viktorovichem Yuvlashevѣ, to the stigma most vividly offered. Smiling prіdzdom in Vyatka of the Governor of Prince S.D. Gorchakova, since 1906, the provincial zemstvo began a great breakdown and speciesism, especially in the first place, in the personnel of the provincial zemstvo council, and then the zemstvo and district administrations. Temporarily V. Gubernsky zemstvos were closed_______894_______a collection of some economic departments, such as statistics and extracurricular education, but then they were reopened, but they were not included in other political views.When the State Duma began its activity, especially of the 3rd and 4th convocation, people's representatives already took an active part in the country's politics, the activity of the zemstvos deepened even more local needs, from which "this dyat Nost, of course, won more and It benefited not only the local population, but all of Russia, especially all the land, brought great benefits to the State during the Russo-German war, but I will tell you more about this in more detail below.The new governor’s provincial assembly at the beginning of January, the month already opened the new governors, Prince S.D. Gor Chakov, and the Chairperson of the Provincial Assembly was also new - the Chairperson of the Vyatka Assembly of Zemstvo commanders, Al. Al. Knyazev. When the Second Provincial Assembly is opened, after prayer and vowels of the oath, the governors always say a welcoming word, Prince SD Gorchakov opener this first time. Vyatka Provincial Assembly and made a great impression on his speech at all members of the Provincial Assembly, both on the left and on the right. I very definitely stated, approximately, in the following words: “Zemsky woodpeckers, You are invited by the Highest approved laws to make a large state economic business of the Vyatka governorate. zeal, impartially, without distracting your energyON_______895_______ gіi for the cause, Vasya not touching - for general state, political. To this end, the Sovereign Emperors especially calls on the native representatives of the State Duma and the State Council. Perhaps many of you will have to elect such representatives, or be elected by yourself. Then for politics and save your energy. But in the zemstvo, work on politics is not compatible. Gentlemen, the vowels and all members of the Provincial Zemstvo economy, look at you the whole province, like a doctor or surgeon who is inviting a patient who needs your help for a final recovery. Accept all the best to ensure that this person handed to you is in good health, not limp on one leg, and that he benefit from the entire province, the benefit that the population of the provincial zemstvo payers will expect from him. If your purely medical openings are not enough, the contagious disease of your patient spreads further, then for the sake of benefit, do not hesitate to take surgical measures, like a good fight, take a knife and cut out the infectious area to save the whole organism of the patient. I will rejoice with. Your general joy, fruitful, useful work for your good population of the Vyatka province and I will deeply grieve every failure of your work that is going to damage the population. "The ambassadors of the Provincial Zemstvo assembly began and walked calmly, in normal order. Vowels and members of the congregation learned from themselves, mainly through old vowels, i.e. who were in the previous three years and through E before the co-editors of the council and the presidents of constituencies. At one time, we tried to find out who in each district was right, who_______896_______ left directions, and each looked after themselves like-mindedly. On the 4th or 5th day, before the meeting editor Alexandra Aleksandrovich Knyazev, recall me during the break to the side, to the window, and say in half voice: "You are no longer the first three years and you have familiar vowels I would like to invite you to choose the most reliable like-minded people, 10-15 people, and get together somewhere in the evening, to discuss at least for the time being the candidates for the 1st century members of the provincial council and the council governor, so as not to go for a walk and vote for my like-minded "I will Or, that "I fully join your proposal. Let's look at the list together. I’m from someone I think are like-minded people and I can guarantee that you don’t deceive the word, but you’re not asking someone, or ask another. and then tell me what day and often - I’ll personally tell you and will come to you. " A.A. Knyazevi said: “It’s inconvenient for me to enter my apartment, as to the chairman of the meeting. And the second - there are some questions that are close to me, and this is my apartment - to pray to remove vowels to express your opinion more openly. Would you find it possible to invite ki "I’m going to the apartment, at least tonight, I’m only because I’ll not be put in tonight." I said: "Well, if you please, whom I see by mouth, I will invite, and to whom you will tell." 148 looked through the list, counted indisputable unified mentality people 20-22 and up to a dozen dubious .. Rѣi - whether that lock, for the first time, enough of these. Before graduation, I had time to talk with everyone and communicated willingly to come to me at 6 o’clock. evenings to drink tea. But I'm strong_______897_______ A.A. Knyazev to talk with the governor about how they would look at this - would not consider us to be illegal conspirators. A. A. Knyazev rejected the plural: “I already spoke with the governor and also said that I would ask you to get together in your apartment, if, of course, you agree. The prince said that he would approve and added: if Vakhrushev hesitates, then tell me that I personally ask him about this, and then asked if you don’t have to complicate it, that it’s not tonight, or tomorrow morning, before you leave, so that you go to him and report on the results of our election meeting. " In the evening, they gathered together an apartment on Moskovskaya Street, in the house of Klasuvov, people 20. They began to nominate the candidates for the members of the provincial council to associate like-minded people. They got a peasant from Nolinsk, a soldier of the mayor Kropachev / son-in-law, Dmitriy Papovich Susloparov, married to his sister Olga Dm. Vakhrusheva. Personally, we knew little of him, but as if the governor had a good response, and of the number of those participating in our election meeting, the Nolinsk member of the administration, Pestrikov, spoke well of him. Then, on the second, a peasant Glazovsko district of Vostrikov was hired, a former volost clerk. About this good Reviews Review from the Chairman of the Glazovskiy Svѣzda. The third members of the council nominated Naumov, a peasant of Malmyzhsk district, formerly serving Aleksandro vykh. But there are still 22 election balloons and 5-6 doubtful ones. They gave them their own choice and get out of the suspiciousѣ. Regarding the members of the council, the former past - three years old ie, V.K. Klyucharyov, A.A. Bulyche vѣ and Glazovskiy’s mashchanin, whose last name I don’t remember, rpa or their vote, and if elected, their governors cannot be approved_______898_______ In the chair, we decided L.V. Omashev vote, but our votesѣ only 22, and up to half of 52 must be at least 26. It is possible that our opposition must elect KamaSheva, knowing that the approval of the chairman of the provincial council not to depend on the governor, but on the part of the Minister of Internal Affairs and the opposition suggested that Prince Gorchakov did not risk a chance to conceal before the Minister about the non-approval of such governor of the provincial council, who had already served. two three-year-olds and will be re-elected to the third three-year-old. But so far we have not begun to insist on the representatives of the provincial government. Be next in line at the request of the election of the director of the real Vyatka school. A.A. Knya yawned that there were two petitions: “The first is the departure of my brother, Nikolai Alexandrovich Knyazev, who is the director. A real school in Sarapulѣ, but I would like to transfer to Vyatka, if, of course, he is elected Vyatka Provincial Land The second request from Grigory Grigoryevich Sergiev, brother of the priest Father Mikhail Sergeyev, a member of the clergy, who was three years old as a provincial congregate deputy, a member of the clergy, an equal member Our pre-election meeting. Father Mikhail Sergeyev told us that he was interested in this matter as a relative, for his brother, as well as AA Knyazev. Therefore, he would prefer to leave when discussing this issue, but declares that if blow both, that is, Mr. A. Knyazev and Mr. Sergiev, we can probably assume that he’s selective from both of them. "But I suppose that my brother will find out that the request was filed by Nikolai Al. Knyazev, .G. Serguev to take off his candidacy "._______899_______A.A. The prince said: “I also declare that if I’m both going to run, I’ll put both of them to the polls, but for free discussion, I’m ready to sit down and leave, because there’s more that today we have nothing to discuss * " Then the attendees said: "We are also ready to put ballots about them, but if Father Mi Hail thinks that G.G. Sergiev remove his candidate, then we believe that the opposition has no candidate, and N. Knyazev is the only one to run and must pass almost unanimously. " So far, the election campaign has ended on this. I'm in the morning. went to the governor, informed him. He approved, saying: “Do it, but count. Omashev - take a look. ”Two days later, elections were held with the council. The chairmen of the council ran for the only Omashiv - out of 52 received 27 balloons from the ballot box and 25 not selective, It is believed that L.V. Yumashev was elected as the chairperson of the Gubernskoye Zemstvo council for three years. Last year members of the council: Klyucharyov, Bulychev and Glazovsky all were balloted for the next three years. Of the candidates nominated for me, the 1st Nolinsk peasant was running for the election. it turned out to be completely unexpected: the pa and the other side considered him as like-minded people and only 8 hesitating to move one way or the other put him chernyakov. Malmyzhsky Naumovi received 29 electoral and 23 not selective. And Glazovsky Vostrikov received 26 electoral and 26 not beating ratelnyҳ - considered not elected, did not have a voice.Several members of the council still ran for several peasants because of op - position, but all received less than half. Вѣ directors of the Real_______900_______ schools, in return for the resignation of Genrikh Andreyevich Sali, on a vacant vacancy, the chairperson announced that there were two petitions: from Nikolai Alex. Knyazev and Father Grigory Grigoryevich Sergeev. But last night, a telegram was received from Mr. Sergev that he was withdrawing his candidacy and asking him not to run. There is only one candidate left. "Or maybe the Provincial Council has more proposals." The government stated that, besides these two, there was no forgiveness. N. A. Knyazev began to run for election - it turned out 45 selective and 8 non-selective. Having heard two more unimportant reports, the chairman announced a break. for breakfast, for an hour. We went to the canteen to the lower floor .. On the way to take me in hand Kotelnicheskiy before the clerk of the Zensky council n. Zyrin and say: “Let’s go into the next room for a moment, then we invite you to the newly elected member of the governor’s council of Kropachev’s membership”. We enter the room. There, in the middle of the room, in the armchair, sit the crop - chewing on a sheet of paper, and one by one - all enter the vowels. At the same time, P.R. Zarkin. Kropachev, alas, push me, ask: "You are a member of the revision committee. I reject that I am a member of the folding committee, but I was invited by Nikolai S. Zyrin, and I personally have not heard who is inviting here, and who, and for what Kropachev declare: “I am about strength as a member of the revision committee.” I dismiss: “Enter the audit committee of our district Pavel Romanovich Zarkin, if he is still there, he can stay, and we will go to drink tea.” Going downstairs, I’ll have a cup of coffee, I I took a piece of cake and a glass of tea. After five minutes, enter P. P. Zarkin, sits down beside me. I I ask:_______901_______ "What did you leave soon. The meeting ended. * Zarkin said:" There is nothing to be done there. The newly elected member of the council had not yet had time to enter, as he drew up a paper to express a censure to the governor for the fact that, at his order and the premises of the Zemsky zemsky felver, the search had been searched for the past week. I didn’t listen anymore, I turned and walked away: I’m not talking about two heads to discuss such a thing. "I said to Zarkin:" How can it be: Nai Petrikov recommended him to the good side and the governor, as if there was an okropachev good certification. Why, then, it turned out that all the people were running for him, apparently, they have no information about him, the internal nasi. * P.R. Zarkin, squeeze his shoulders, unscrewed: "It is painfully cunning and brisk, best of all, I’ve been cunning all over." He asks me: “That you very much honored Europe Cheva, almost unanimously chose it.” I say: “We considered him to be our like-minded personѣ, and, apparently, the opposition considered him to be our own.” Both sides honored him with electoral choices.Rami, but it turned out that we were let down, the recommendation was given to us incorrect; it turned out that he belonged to the party’s party. "I once told the governor my conversation with P. P. Zarkin. Prince Gorchakov pick up the phone, he calls the Berne Zemsky presence, the secretary B.I. Sadovskago. Calling:" Write to the Gubernskoye Zemsky a meeting that I don’t affirm the representatives of the Provincial Council. ”I hear and appeal to Prince Geochakov:“ Your relationship, it wasn’t mine to intervene in your orders, but I would have forced Vasya to check everything that I had communicated. from the words of ар Zarkin about Kropachev ’." Prince from_______902_______cry: "There is nothing to check, everything is clear. Vasya and I had information about him that was wrong. But then I’m talking about lies, why did they have to belong to the 11th camp. In vain the odds would not run for him. "* Gathering the next day at the meeting of the Provincial Assembly, Chairman A.A. Knyazevѣ, having opened his letter, read the paper on the governor: Kropachevѣ the members of the council are not approved. It is proposed in return to elect another from among the vowels of the zemstvo provincial assembly. Voted yesterday, the right to vote today does not have, and AGAIN no one else wanted to run. During breakfast, I hear a conversation that Kropachev. It is supposed that it was Vakhrushev who told the governor something about him, therefore he did not approve. But nothing can be done. Al Ar.Bulychev, the Oryol vowel, when he was not elected by the provincial members of the council for the second three-year term, asked me to ask the governor privately whether he would approve his governors for the position of insurance agent of the Provincial Zemstvo. "Please do not refuse, please send me this big favor, for the province is friendly to you and to tell you frankly." I expressed: * It’s very inconvenient to assume the role of intercessor or scout, but if you insist so hard, I will frankly tell the governor that I am not asking for you in either direction, but only at the height of your requestѣ I give him your words, that if the prince can be found. Vasya to approve the insurance agent3, 34 file a letter of submission to the Provincial Council, and if they do not advise, so. You won’t give in. ”AA Bulychev said many:“ Please, tell me, I’m not talking about anything else. _______903_______ and I won’t ask. "After transmitting the request to Prince S. D. Gorchakov, I received a reply:" ІTransmit to A. A. Bulychev that I will not let go of janitors from the previous administration, while I am in Vyatka provinces. ”Having transmitted these words to Bulychev, he said one last time:“ Well, that means our song is awesome, there’s nothing more to poke. Apparently, it was great to tell him about us, having had to look for private service, or to go to another province. In any case, thank you for fulfilling my request and for the frank transmission of reply. "Our pre-election meeting in my apartment ѣ all fell in love and found it very useful. We decided on each serious matter to preliminarily confer, gathering in the evening in my apartment. ” But in this year, as far as I remember, there were no particularly outstanding issues with respect that would be worth noting.According to the completion of the Second Provincial Assembly, Prince Gorcha personally personally went to Petersburg. and brought with me an extensive report to the Minister of Internal Affairs, requesting that the Minister not approve L. V. Yumashev as chair of the Provincial Zemstvo Council. The rumor is - of course, I do not presume to affirm - to give, is it fair - as if Prince S.D. Gorchakov verbally and in a written report explained to the Minister that, with the approval of Yemashev, the power of the Governor in Vyatka will be finally outlined, and you will be around Vyatka governorate a lot of nonsense, which will be difficult to cope with, and if so, it will be very important Will apply for transferѣ to another province, or you will resign. two months later, Vyatka received_______904_______ not approved by Omashev as chairman. The provincial government, and it was not until the emergency Zemsky was assembled under some urgent. Zemstvo issues and the election of a provincial zemstvo member to the State Council and the election of the chairman of the Provincial Vyatka zemstvo council, instead of an unapproved, chosen wound. At the emergency meeting, no one wished to run for election as the chairpersons of the Provincial Council. Vacancy remained free. B. The State Council of the Vyatka Provincial Zemstvo, for the first three years, was elected L.V. Kalashiv.By the end of February or the beginning of March of 1906, elections to the city of Vyatka were appointed. They were the members of the Vyatka province and members of the first State Duma. But first, by electors and volosts, electors were selected from the provinces to the Provincial Electoral Assembly. The members of the Stulov volost were electors from the peasant of the Stulov volost, the village of Verkhny Kropachi, Ivan Romanovich. Eropachev, and the landowner and he was censored, were elected from the Sloboda district: A.N.Shklya ev, I, N.Il. Vakhrushev and father Nikolai Vereshchagin, priests of the Sloboda Nikolskaya Church. Ot residents of the town of Slobodsky Mikhail Petrovich Onchukov and Aleksandr Viktorovich Ivanovskiy. All hardships. Vyatka lips. all 12 people electors gathered for the appointed day in Vyatka. Most electors. the peasants stopped to lodge in a hostel hosted by the Provincial Zemstvo Administration in the memory of felsher courses. Beds for all electoral beds from the provincial hospital were delivered there, with a complete set of bedding and full support for electors who stayed at the hospital, they were also provided from the Provincial Zemstvo Hospital_______905_______ In the same place, at felsher courses, the past set aside a large hall for pre-election meetings, an electoral rally. Whether I stayed in my apartment, also many foreign towns and intellectuals lodged either in private apartments or in private apartments, but didn’t live in dormitories, and they only attended feldsher courses in the evenings to attend rallies, to listen to speeches or , say, because of curiosity.In the city of Vyatka, at the time of the election, the electors were organized by the Governor of the Vyatsk branch of the State Bank, Alexander Ivanovich, the Svetovidov party of the legal order. Me and F.P. Lzhnikovѣ enrolled in this party, also, on time, out of curiosity, more than two times went to their party.Zatѣm Ivan Aleksandrovich Sukhov organized the monarchical party; these parties joined together, and therefore A.I. passed through the city of Vyatka in the first State Duma. Svtovidovѣ and I.A. Suvov, and the Cadet Party and Progressive are the electors this time hit the editors of the newspaper Vyatskaya Roch, Nikolai Apollonovich Charushin.At rallies on revenge of medical assistants, there is not much exchange. went, somehow: A.N. Shklyaevѣ, N.I. Vakhrushevљ, father Nikolay Vereshchagin, A.I. Svetovidov - never visited, and I went almost every evening, I also went to meetings on a daily basis the former Vyatka Mayor, Ivan Alexandrovich Sukhov, where I first met closely and admired his energy, endurance, calmness and perseverance. Such elections were almost daily attended by electors from Ot Orlovsk district, landowner, our relatives, Fedor Ivanovich. Pay again._______906_______ He, as a landowner and an experienced agriculture man, could begin to make several speeches with his speeches at a rally about agriculture, but he spoke quietly and not outspokenly, they did not allow him to speak, interrupted him and, limiting his orator, on the 5th or 10th -th mine utami, shouted: "Enough, the deadlines are over, down, do not want to listen." F.I. Platunov was embarrassed, not expressing half of the topic he had begun, and then he threw it out, with all that he stopped speaking and orating.But on the other hand, Ivan Al. Sukhov, although he was educated in a city school, but oratory, as a good lawyer, completed each of them to the end, being able to interest the audience; for the expiration of these minutes, ask him: "Continue to the end, listen." And sometimes shout: "Enough, the deadline has expired." I. A. Sukhov instantly stops and sits down on his place. As soon as the next member of the rally is spoken, I. A. Sukhov calmly approaches the chair and asks him to be recorded on the next turn, until two or three recorded before him speak. Match the line up to him. Sukhov rises and now, without any excitement, he continues to develop the same topic, p. The horn of the word on which he was interrupted. It should be noted that I. A. Sukhov was very well-read, and each of his speeches.it. Propped up by digital data or excerpts from laws orstatistical or scientific data. But it did not benefit him. It was a proverb ѣ "Do not mark the beads before the pigs." The peasants took poorly into account that it was said of the general state interest, Peasants were more interested in getting into the Duma and receiving 15-20 rubles for maintenance. on the day. But can it bring for Russia’s benefit at least something -_______907_______ not a single thought of this. When election day came, everyone went to the Cathedral. Archbishop’s past was a solemn prayer service at the water sanctuary. After the prayer, everything was corrected - you went to the Vyatka men's gymnasium, which for 3-4 days was fully granted for the election to the State Duma. To preside and direct the elections, comrades appointed by the government before the editor of the Vyatskogo District Court Grigoryev. First of all, there was a check on the lawfulness of the electors who came to this meeting. It turned out that Malmyzhsk ѣ uzda had a protest that during the election of Nalma and the electors to the Vyatka elections, some legal formality and the election of Peter Iv were lost. Aleksandrova and Vasiliya Alex. Batuyev is cashier and recognized as illegal. But Batuev and Aleksandrov protested that they could not agree with thatkim rѣshenіem administrative. But two minutes later, one and the other reiterated that they did not want to give the cassation all of today's elections as a result of the fact that they supposedly would illegally take part in the elections, and therefore, for the benefit of the state, they would take their protest back and are removed from the election meeting. They got up and immediately left, without appearing more than once in the Gymnasium, where three days were elected. The case, but inexperience, it was very slow, rallies did not lead to anything. The deputies of the State Duma failed to come to an agreement and did not intimidate anyone to elect. Peasants almost all ran for the first and second rounds, as well as electors. Many political parties ran for sure in the first and second rounds. Thus A.I. Svito vidov and I. A. Sukho also ran twice and_______908_______ they got an I 12 vote only for 35 electoral votes, and the rest were not selective. In general, only on the third day before 9 people were chosen with great difficulty - the amount relying on from the Vyatka province. Even before the start of the election for the rally, at the initiative of the Yaransk priest Ognev, it was decided to send a telegram to the highest name on behalf of Vybdikov, demanding the death penalty from me. I received the telegram through the Governor, the Minister of Internal Affairs replied: “To declare to electors that the sovereign of the Sovereign cannot demand the Sovereign of his Sovereign, but can only ask. The questions of the death penalty raised by them by the government submitted to the government for consideration? .At the end of the election, being elected to the deputies of the first State Duma, the priest. Ognev addressed a grateful speech to all the electors, thanked for the honor and trust in the community of the Vyatka province and the effort to support their people sent to St. Petersburg, the depot, to take revenge; “for all the strength of the people is in revenge, and we, your elected messengers, are only the followers of your wishes, and therefore, without your support to take revenge, we will end up without strength in Petersburg.” During this speech, the priests of Fire stood facing. a raised hand with a clenched fist, and all the time shook his fist, as if threatening to someone from far away.This on many made a very unpleasant impressed threat of the fist for the priestly sanctuary, an unprecedented manifestation, insulting the religious feeling of people in love.In the first State Duma from Vyatka, two governing directors were elected: the peasant Sadyrin with the highest_______909_______by agronomic education, and Ivan Nikiforovich Ovchinnikov with a higher legal education, both cadets by political party, both very clever and good speakers. Not expected for all electoral representatives Cathedral of Vinogradskago. The remaining deputies were elected by the young peasants, having recorded the leftist party and the Social Revolutionary Party, you don’t understand anything politicians, but the majority of the leaders of the left parties and the last of them were elected under the rule. One of the workers of the Izhevsk plant, socialism, also not convinced, but acting on the cheat sheet and under the guidance of experienced party leaders who lead the socialist party. Editor of Vyatka Roche, Nick. An. Charushin, a socialist, ran for twice, but the past was unproblematic. ” To many approached during the election Glazovskiy before the clerk of the district council of Zemstvo S.L. Maksimovich, asking if I want to run. I said: "I’m not elected elector to go to the Duma, but soon because of torture and at the request of my friends I’m like-minded - I hope you too." idaksimovich declared: "Yes, I do not run for either, because there are no candidates for election. Look, the peasants all twice voted for each other, not counting whether they have anything to do, just have a little time to hang up and slow down.” if you need one or two departures each and from them, and select the required ones, the number shown, from the Vyatka governorate. If you would like to try the Sloboda district, you should try_______910_______ Xia hold in deputies Dr. A.The. Ivanovskago. "I dismissed that really A.V. Ivanovskiy’s oratorio is not bad, but I can’t try for it, if only because I and him are politically different from the dead, and secondly, with the village of Slobodskoye wrestlers it’s unthinkable , no one will conspire, peasants peasants themselves try to get into the deputies of the utati and not dissuade them in any way, neither Ivanovskiy nor Maksimovich were running for children.The city of Slobodsky, including electors in the Duma, was elected by the general list, p. Ivanovsky !! ikhail Petrovich He is a Chukov, but his election to Slobodsky was elected in absentia: he was in Petersburg and never went to Vyatka from Petersburg to the election of deputies, I assumed that when he was put in Slobodsky on a single ballot vanovsky, hardly even then they asked He Chukov’s consent, because in order to write candidates for election, the consent was not necessarily chosen, but apparently the cadet party deliberately did this trick in order to necessarily lead Ivanovskago to the electors so that residents of the town of Slobodsky, sympathetic to the honorable Slobodsky merchant Onchukov, would see that Onchukov was elected by the general ballot with Ivanovsky. Thus / holding on to the tail of his grandmother /, he got into the electoral cadet’s candidacy for Ivanovskiy, but the deputies couldn’t get through further - he didn’t have such a loophole in Vyatka.Two months later, after the last election to the first State Duma, the Governors deported several people from the Vyatka governorate; the number of those deported Pontal A.V. Ivanovo_______911_______and a good acquaintance, a lawyer, Nikolai Andreevich Popov, the son of Archpriest Vyatskago, who served in the Akhtyrsky cemetery, father Andrei Popov. The previous three years he was a deputy. The clergy in I’m the governor’s assembly and sitting with me at the same table, against me. Whose party the son belonged to. archpriest and for what he was sent, I do not know. A few more people were sent, but now I don’t remember who exactly and for what. I suppose that A.V. Ivanovskiy was sent to send for a strike of doctors in Slobodsky uzd and for any secret political party known only to the Bernard, but to us, the local population, were never known, even later.The wife of Ivanovskago, Praskovya Petrovna, had some kind of immovable property in Kazan, either home, or a small property, as well as being deported, the administration didn’t indicate the link for the governor’s representatives, they provided their discretion, only without the right to enter Vyatka governorate in the course of one year, then A.V. Ivanovskiy ukhkhal n Kazan and the proboval to engage in private doctoral practice in Kazan, but local Kazan doctors announced a protest and medical practice was forbidden to Ivanovo in Kazan. All this went very strongly against Ivanov’s skag, paralysis broke him, his tongue fizzled out, he almost couldn’t speak and moved his legs and arms a little, he completely lost hair, they lost a lot of weight, and a year later he returned to Sloboda completely disabled and almost unrecognized mym, although I personally have not seen itѣ. Your home A.V. Ivanovskiy passed the apartment, and he and his family moved to live in flea - gel at his home, in the yard, where he took a wound frequently -_______912_______ nyk paid patients. His son, Boris, continued to study at BE Kazan University, at the medical faculty, and his two beautiful daughters studied at a female gymnasium.There are rumors that the Governors Prince Gorchakov threatened to send administratively outside the Vyatka province the well-known Sloboda merchant, brewing breeder, Pyotr Ivanovich Aleksandrov, who lived at the time of his name "Savali" in Malmya district, but in fact II. Alexander did not send the past. It is possible that these rumors were false. But this year, the Malmyzh district zemstvo elected several of its vowels as chairpersons of the Malmyzh district zemstvo council; not a single Governor Prince S.D. Gorchakov did not approve. In the end, be elected as the chairman of the zemstvo zemstvo P.I. Alexandrov. It was hoped that Aleksandrov, a big land payer, a big philanthropist and at his own expense * Savalya "containing a small-scale agricultural education agricultural school - probably would be approved. It turned out that Prince Gorchakov and Aleksandrov were not approved. Only one governor was approved by the Provincial Zemstvo. the assistant to the governor’s office, Nikolai Likhaylovich Lopatin, and the second, Alexander Artemievich Yakovlev, an engineer brought in by the prince, Gorchakov was removed from Kalu gi. , and on emergency Zemsky._______913_______ No one wished to run for election as the chairpersons of the Provincial Council, this happened shortly after the elections to. By the State Duma. Governors Prince S.D. Gorchakov called himself Ivan Al. Sukhov and offered him the position of the representative of the Provincial Council, as appointed by the Government. Salaries for the Chairman of the Provincial Council were Zemsky assembly; set 5000 p. per year. I. A. Suҳov thanked the Governor for the honor and trust, agreed, and now he has written and submitted the appropriate forgiveness for the next regular Provincial meeting I. A. Sukhov was already a Ministry, an appointment in the position of the Chairperson and for all who met at the next Provincial Zemstvo Assembly, the appointment of Sukhov as chairperson was an unexpected news, but I knew about this shortly after the election of the State Duma, for - once, talking about the elections to the State Duma, he admired the actions of Svѣ10 Vidov and Sukhov as representatives of the right-wing parties and stated: “If such a Sukhov, the chairmen of the Provincial Council would be good. If Olmasheva Di isterstvo not approve, and the other one sobranіe not choose, then I necessarily offer Sukhov position predsѣdatelya on naznachenіyu ". I said that with my actions during the election of deputies of the State Duma, Sukhov made such an impression on me that I consider him to be the post of the Chairman of the Provincial Council, at the moment, after Yumashev, suitable. man. Because, whoever now would not intercede on the basis of the price in return. Yumashev, all zemsky hearing, the third elements, Yuldashev’s proteges and those political views, will_______914_______to the new chairman appointed by the government to deal with hidden anger and take all measures to harm the cause, and especially to the chairman. But if there is a prelude, there will be a television. Sukhov, then he will not be at a loss and manage to repair them and force him to fulfill all his requirements.For me personally, participation in the electors in the first State Duma was not inconclusive. Having met at the party party legal order p. Alexander. Ivan. It’s kind of kind, he liked me. There was a certain decision to increase the number of members of the accounting committee of the State Bank by inviting one or two nearest districts. They offer - 1 kilo mnѣ and F.I. Lashnikov joined the Slobodsky district, and Yakov Aleksandrovich Zubarev was invited by Ot Kotelnich skogo uzdy. Frol II. Dastnikov refused, saying that he was already old and lonely, that he could not often leave the factory andgenerally considers inappropriate. For this and categorically refused. Regarding me, they spoke out that supposedly I am the most suitable from the Sloboda district and so far, only one is enough - of course, if I agree.Having received the offer, I personally went to the bank to the manager A.I. It’s kind of kind, to thank him for the offered honor and said that if he finds me suitable for the good of the State, I will not refuse this honor, I will try to earn him a lot of trust and I will serve the common state business not for fear, but for my own good , according to the strength of his mind. Something about me and me. A. Zubarev ѣ Representation by the Ministry of Finance, and soon it turned out ѣ II Petersburg approval. Thus we are Jacob. Al Zubarev oneaKH ME_______915_______temporarily in ѣ 1906 - My family entered into an honorary free share. membership members of the accounting committee of the Vyatskapap branch of the State Bank.In the same year, at the invitation of Princess Egorgrafovna Princess Gorchakova, the publisher of the Vyatka Mariinsky Priit, I was enrolled as honorary members of the trustees of this shelter, with an annual membership fee of II hundred rubles a year. After three years of service, you have been awarded this honorary position, from the peasant class.and presented to the first rank of the College registrar, which already gave me the right to be awarded not medals, but orders, and every three years, the production went to the next rank, like the civil service, and this same granted the right to wear a sixth-class uniform with a sword and a triangular hat. As a result, when I received the first order of Stanislav of the 3rd degree, I got the uniforms of the sixth grade of the Ministry of Finance, as my actual hearing was registered with a state bank in the Ministry of Finance. As you can see, my passport book is unlimited, on the 9th page, it was in the second and second paragraph II: “How: it can be seen from the presented Sloboda police department of the Vyatsk Governorate guardianship on August 10, 190 August 9 year No. 564, owner of this book, Petr Aleksandrovich Vakhrushev, according to your order on civilian affairs, on July 6, 1909, for 2 47 years of service, you should be at the top of the way with the senior registrar. p. 21- December 1908, etc., assistant police officer. skіy. ID secretarial tarya Knyazev._______916_______At the same time, in 1906, I joined BE - members of Holguín - a house of industrious people in Slobodskoy, where the president of the house was former. Ivan Alekseyevich Saltykov, the head of PIR - UTOM and the honorary overseer was the elected Serafima Vasilyevna Arshaulova, and her assistant, also elected, was Vora Arkadyevna Rossikhina and secretary. - Dmitriy Ivano vich shantsyn. On the very first year of my joining the members of the House of Labor, I was elected the comrade of the chair, and I was not fit for re-election until the time of the revolution. . .In 1906, the year of the Japanese War, a hundred horse-drawn Cossacks were permanently quartered in Slobodskoy. The lower ranks and horses were placed on the Slobodsky barracks or in the army, and the officer once placed in private apartments. The eldest esaul, the old bachelors, was the house of Valen tin Petrovich Kurshakov. On the very first Sunday, they arrived sorry to visit ki nam. In the village and .. invited us to look at the Cossack dzhigitovka, but to warn us when we are ready, then en will try to schedule another dzhigovka. We all agreed on the next Sunday, promised to come to him on an optional visit and, if possible, then take a look at the horse riding. So it was arranged. Dzhigitovka was carried out on a large floor near the pig-iron smelter of the Kosarevsk plant and near the city slaughterhouse. Almost all the inhabitants of the town of Slobodsky came to watch the dzhigitovka, hitherto unprecedented by the Slobozhans. You, too, were the first to see the jigging in general, and everyone was delighted to have the dexterous and quick actions of the Cossacks and their well-trained little horses. At the end of the jigitovka we went for breakfast_______917_______ Yesaul in the house of Kurshakov. Esaul was a great jovial and lover of anecdotes and originalities. I was struck by the fact that he had coffee sets in the living room on the table, very beautiful, but original, that consisted of trinad tati cups and saucers, and all 3 - different styles. I asked why it was 13, and not a dozen, and why it was of all sorts of styles, although not spoiling the general appearance, and also almost identical in size and luxury of finishing. He explained that this is his dignity and originality. “Services to 10 days. and you can meet the same style everywhere, but never - because 13 I consider everything to be a damn Dune, * I’m not afraid of devils, let the devils of the Cossacks be afraid. "In our village, the eviction of Rusanovtsev went quickly: by this year, householders 5 or 6, including the widow * Kozma Ivanovich Rusanova, Tatyana Semenovna, were a son, whom the villagers called Kuzizoy. She sold her old house to us, and on the path of the lane there was a stone one-story house. It should be noted that earlier in the village of Rusanovskaya, at the end of the village of the tract, there was a tavern with the sale of vodka and beer, and it was drunk at the end. With the introduction of the wine monopoly throughout Russia, approximately p. In the year 1900, private taverns of entry everywhere were closed and opened only state-owned wine shops, where the state property was recognized as nukhin. At the request of the breeders, we Vakhrushe vyh, neither Rusano, nor our village, the state wine shop was not opened. When the Rusanovtsy began to move out to the tract, then kuzi от came from the Aleksandrovskaya office of the brewery, they were entrusted with the offer to rent her new house and leased a beer shop, and Kuzikh herself was offered help_______918_______by the side of a sales clerk for beer. Kuzikha appeared to me for advice on what to do. The proposal for her from the material side seemed interesting, but she was afraid that neighbors, out of envy, would pull her down and repair all sorts of things. I declared: “I don’t interfere with your business. Of course, for our factories, there is an interest in not having the wineries or beer temptations close, but for you, of course, your shirt is closer to your body - you should only defend "You’re not interested in your own interests. But still, in my opinion, you should not follow. To aggravate relations with Rusan’s neighbors. You better try to talk with them." But the remaining neighbors of Rusanovtsy already survived. They saw that Kuzikh prіzzkal was entrusted to Aleksandrov and called her to negotiate in Slobodskaya. The Rusanovtsy gathered their local village gathering, inviting the village public and the rural municipality clerk and all of us, residents of the village of Voznesen Sko-Vakhrusheva, headed by Ilya Timof. Vakhrushevѣ. At the meeting, it was announced that Aleksan Drovov, a brewery office, wanted to open a beer shop in the village or in the village of Rusanovskaya, and that some residents of the village of Rusanovskaya and, especially, the residents of the village of Voznesensko-Vakhrusheva, had requested an appeal for unwantedness wine or beer trading торговzavedenіy near the village and factories at a distance of 3 to 5 versts. It is proposed today that the assembled gathering express themselves on this issue at the present moment. The council unanimously decided: neither in the village, nor in the village of Rusanovskaya to allow the opening of a wine and beer trading shop or tavern, without tea,_______919_______ alcohol. In this way. Kuzikh did not have to use the advantageous offer, but she could not take offense at me. she herself saw that the obstacle was, mainly, on the part of Rusanovtsev, eating the same neighbors.Our shoe factory was already operating at full speed private shoes. In the fall, on October, prіaliali kam nam to hunt rabbits Prince S.D. Gorchakov with Princess Anna Evgrafova Gorchakova and they passed away - an official ѣ special time chenyy count. Nikolai Nikolaevich Rochefort, Baron Medemt, a clerk from E Ilterburg, who visited Gorchakova XE, Alex. Art. Yakovlev and Boris Ivanovich Sadovskіy. The hunt was arranged for Decelevskaya village, BE was crossed as soon as a thin first snow fell. We went to the appointed place on how many drills, with guns and beaters. I’d go without a gun, and with a basket of provisions and drinks. Hunted with. E. 9 am to II 1/2. Yenagin A.E. Gorchakova killed one hare from the heels of the beaters, having pulled out on her. The rest no one killed anything. Zaku was sitting a little beside the sleigh, they hunted for another half an hour and all went to kam nam in the village; they were already expecting breakfast in my house. ” After breakfast, everyone went to inspect the shoe mechanical factory, as the news - the first mechanical shoes in the Vyatka province. When the will entered the factory, I proposed Princess A.E. Gorchakova: while they are considering the factory, it’s up to them to make shoes for her. Now, the head of the construction of shoes, master Guy took a dark coat, picked up the appropriate blank from chevro-chrome and started work. Inspect the factory and cutting section, went into the felt section, where they rolled the boots in the midst_______920_______ gie a worker, moreover, the governor and all the ladies warned that the men were working in a colony here, because they didn’t go in, they just looked at the door. Having returned home from the factories, they began to drink tea. All this time went II / 2 or 2 hours, no more. Put on Hyde bring finished shoes and present them to the governors. Everyone was surprised that they made it very quickly.After tea we sat down to play cards, screw, and buy eight cards. Earl of Rochefort take the milk and write on the cloth for recording wins and losing initials: Prince Gorch. Baron Ledemѣ, city of Rochef. and Peter Al. I laugh and say: “No, I protest,” brush my initials and say, “Write down my title: peasant Vakhrushev.” They all thought. Prince Gorchakov said: “It’s customary to listen to the elders, and since I seem to be the oldest, I’m underestimated by myself.” Take a note and write: І.А. back.- After the end of the Russo-Japanese War, Vladimir Sergeevich Zhilin in the beginning of 1906, the sorrow and his family again went to Petropavlovsk-Akmola Oblast, and with the support of the local Syrets, Tatars began to continue to work and tan. L% tom, b і yulѣ mѣsyatsѣ, as usual, I’m a bother BE Petropav-. fishing for the purchase of: raw materials and took with him the elder two children, Zhenya 15 1/2 years and Vikentiya 13 1/2 years. In Petropavlovsk we stopped to lodge in the outhouse at the house of Khusain Abdulovich Tyumenev. My daughter, Elena, visited more unilins in the afternoon, and the sons of Vincent ѣzdil with me to the main courtyard and to the merchants in containers, watched us walk, and most importantly, he liked,._______921_______that everywhere they were treated to kumy catfish or tea with different sweets. We offer to Sibagatullул Gubaidulina. He himself meets us in the front. See Vincent with me, pat him on the head and say: “Ah, good little Petra welcomed the guests.” This surprised Vincent. Then he told me all that his Tatars called: little Petra, assuming that they called all Russians “Peter” ". I bought leather from Higmatulla Yarulin for a hitch, start the opening. It was agreed: to thin, pound 13-14, leather 50 to be rejected. While accepting, I recline the takya, and I told the clerk Yarulinsky that at the end of the acceptance I will thin again I will sort it out and, what to follow, receive, accept, leave only that which is due. The old man themselves is aware of the hitch Y. Yarulin. To see that more than 50 horses have been discarded, and only half of the general pile has been removed. Yarulin sunbathed, stopped the change, sits down on his carriage, for a long time and wants to keep shouting that he does not want to I refuse to sell it. I will sit on the goat to whom the horse was tied to rule the horse. But the horse was under me; Yarulin must be held in hand to turn the horse and go, but I cannot get it . In China, they push me and get excited, while I sit and laugh. Wiken tii stand, scared to look, think that the old Tartar to beat the day, and Pan doesn’t leave the goat, but to sit and laugh. Finally, and myself. Yarulin hesitated. Then I said to him: “Why are you getting excited and making noise. My sorting is not final, I warned your clerk that in the end I’ll once again reject the rejection and leave only what the agent should leave. But to keep you calm, it’s_______922_______ I will provide all your marriage with you. You’ll come tomorrow when we finish the whole process. Go through the marriage yourself, what you find - indeed marriage - cast aside, and what you think I’ve rejected in vain - I will accept without objection, I hope for your experience and your good faith. "H. Yarulin calmed down, told the clerk to continue to turn in. The next day, after completing the acceptance, Mr. Yarulin passed the call for Imka, ordered the clerk to throw the whole marriage - approximately 2.00 was turned out to be skinned by me X. Yarulin said, "I will not sort out: take the marriage separately, take a valuable ruble for the skin. ". I say:" There is such a thing that from the ruble to stand at a lower price, but not a ruble. If you want them, then discard 2 rubles each, or better, sort them yourself, according to the joint. H. Yarulin say: "Grѣkh half-and-a-half: throw off ½ rubles and take everything away." I did not insist on my own, I agreed and were both satisfied. Later Vincent repeatedly said that he was very scared when H. Yarulin pushed his dick goat - he thought he would beat, and he was very surprised that dad didn’t get scared and laugh, and then everything went well and Yarulin treated Vincent with all kinds of sweets and dry fruits and nuts. Ilo in the evenings I went with my children to the summer public garden and club. Venya was already a young lady teenager and she wanted to dance, and Vincent was still small and hesitated. Kavalerov’s acquaintances, they didn’t have. I introduced them to the Kazantsev family and the Zenkov family, but there the cavaliers were much older - Lt23-25, so for them the girl was not suitable as a young lady, but rather a girl. But then we became more friends with the Kazantsev family and CE Zankovs. We went viѣ_______923_______ for picnics and I invited them to my apartment at the house of A. Khusain A. Tyumenev. We bought buckets two crayfish, cooked them and put them on a picnic, had plates and napkins, washed down with beer .. But I got a little incident when I cooked. Old Tatar woman, mat: Husaina A. Tyumeneva, having seen the crayfish, she knew that it was unclean: she began to grab pots, scream that she would fuck up everything and not let her into the kitchen. Husain Abdulovich’s wife persuaded her by force. She said that "Khurayin did not order to refuse anything, allorder to provide them with orders, and we will throw away the pots in which you will cook the Crayfish, and we will give it back to them, and they will buy us a new one. ”Husain was not at that time returning from the Kuendinsky fair. When he arrived, he they said once — they chuckled for 11, ordered the pan to be cleaned with sand and taken to the attic for a while, brought a new one, brought it and showed the old womanѣ, saying that she bought a new Vakhrushevха. The old woman was very pleased. But in the kitchen, when cooking, I was the windows to the courtyard are open, and the doors to the rest of the room are blankly closed, if it were Duh who didn’t get into the rooms, but ельhel into the street. And ІІОтом, when they didn’t get the boiled crayfish from the kitchen, the old woman read Tatar prayers for a long time, apparently - she would consecrate the Tatar kitchen. Husain’s son Abd., Valiy Khusainovich, send me an apartment, I didn’t throw all the remains from the crayfish into the garbage pit, but tied the paper, and threw it into the ravine at night and threw it into the ravine. Then I explained Husa yin Abdulovich, that according to Tatar laws or laws, rivers are considered the biggest evil So kak they ѣdyat drowned nicknames. and if someone from Tatars would see that we have a houseeatThere’s a shell in the yard or in the garbage pitand NOT E PI LEX_______924_______ husk from crayfish, then all of our Tatars would neglect our home, believing it to be defunct. Of course, if I were at home, I would cook you a crayfish near neighbors in a Russian house and bring it to your apartment so that no one could see it, and also take out the trash. But in general everything turned out well.. In August of the month of 1906, our fifth daughter, Xenia, was born to us.In September, I s. Apollinarica Alekseevna were in Petersburgѣ, simultaneously with Paul. Fedorovich, on the occasion of the bargain. I with Nenoy for a day on Saturday left in Eronstadt. We decided to talk again and talk with Father John of Kronstadt. At this time we stopped to lodge in the house Tru Truby. But it turned out that you are Sunday, although you served in St. Andrew’s Cathedral and father John, but there was no general confession, and priests confessed it, and it was prince. On Saturday evenings, after Vespers, we were left to stand and read the rules. The priests went out and asked: “Who is Vasya who can, according to Slavic rule, melt away. And at that time I will be confessing.” Apparently, nobody wants to be silent. Apollinarіya Alekѣ. declare: "I read in Slavic, but not very fast. If there is nobody, then I will try, read, as much as I can." The priest said: "From the person, quickly and no need, we have nowhere to hurry." They showed her what to read. She read for more than an hour, all the confessors prayed, and two priests confessed at that time. In the morning after the reni before the Liturgy, the rule was read again, some man, and we prayed. For the liturgy, I myself entered the altar, and asked blessings from the father of John. But among the servant_______925_______ came one of the okruhs: Ivan Pyotrov, a priest of dark faces, asked me to leave the altar, stating that it was impossible to stand without permission. Having gone onto the pulpit, where my wife was standing, I explained to him that I, with the blessings of the priest, stood BE altar, but he unscrewed: "Anyway, stay here," and went away. II stand on the pulpit for about 10 minutes, I see that the other one to go to stand at the altar, - and I went there again. I feel sorry for myself. father Ioann, but although the church was almost half full, and the Communion of OBE was not very much; they explained to Namt that when there is no general confession, whether they receive communion, and then only those who are in a hurry to leave home from Kronstadt just to receive communion from the father of Father John. And whoever has free time, sometimes 2-3 weeks remain and live, waiting for a general confession. But in general it’s a rare case. It seems that not every week there is a general confession. "This time you accidentally accidentally hit that today is a common confession." But we were no longer able to stay until next Sunday. This time, too, they received pleasant singing satisfaction from communion with Father John of Kronstadt - Scago. But nevertheless, comparatively, for the first time, with a general confession, we personally had an impression of loneliness and emotional satisfaction remained stronger.After bidding. We returned home, and Pavel O. Ukhal to Doskva. In the winter of 1906, in November or December, he died. Ilya Tim. Wahrushev. Six months after his death, his sons were undressed. Firm trading house "Ilya Tim. Vakhrushev sos nosyami" went to the younger lot. - Afanasy and Alexander and the backwater got the rear end, that is, from the side of the share_______926_______ village, but it was necessary to build a stone house for the rash and put in a steam engine with all the drives and they immediately set up a dynamo, carried electricity through their factory and into their houses on the highway. The front building of the plant and two houses with him, and the third blast furnace path, on the left side of the street, calling to the tract, were drawn by lot by the elders: Nikolai, Alen sѣyu and Dmitriy Ilyich. Prisatyvat to this plant them. almost nothing happened - the steam engine was already there and was operating under fatherhood. I had no electricity, but the elder Ilyich princeThey did not consider it necessary to install electricity.But soon Nikolai Ilyich bought a plot of land on the banks of the river Vyatka, on Borovitsa, honey by the villages of Volkov and Cheptsey, verst II-I2 from the village of Voznesensko-Vakhrusheva. A partner with the brothers, he was torn, or to build there, without haste, a second spare horse-breeding factory, in case he was poisoned by older brothers, i.e. and the rest. They built a stone buildingѣ and a wooden house. ІІ they left a steam engine for grinding crust for a hundred old plants and set a dynamo for lighting Borovitskago for water and houses. Above, it was reported that after the death of Ilya Tim. the capital was left to the heirs of 200,000 rubles. for every son. Therefore, the constructions of the divided heirs, on both sides, went with a generous hand. But the kokhnoye veil of all breeders, in 1907, underwent a crisis. During the war, raw materials everywhere went up in price. The national financial position of Russia over the past year has been critical. The military department has reduced the supply of glanders for ar-mі4 goods and has not appointed a bid for a long time. Private trade, including the caveat of lack of money, is also at a loss, and you are very limited -.no quantity, so all breeders suffered this year_______927_______ big loss ..We are Paul. Fed. We also began to feel great financial difficulties, since we spent a huge amount on our shoe factory and setting up a leather and shoe private business and Valennago business, both of which gave us about one hundred thousand losses. Moreover, after the war the general political structure throughout Russia was turbulent; although the revolution in Moscow and in all of Russia in 1905-1906 was finally suppressed, but fermentation throughout Russia was. Everyone criticized and secretly scolded the government for the lost war with Japan, everyone tried to find the guilty party for losing the war, and, of course, everyone tried to blame the old system of state administration. The government, in order to throw some kind of dice to the public opinion, went ahead to divert the attention of the public opinion from the revolution, announced a Senatorial revision throughout Russia of the entire Quartermaster. A revision was appointed to head the senator. Garin b. As a result of the audit, searches and seizures of trading books from all suppliers for the army began, including to memorial books in the pockets of suppliers and their employees. Revision began with Moscowand the Kiev Military District for Commandant’s and clothing. warehouses, and the St. Petersburg clothing Intendant’s warehouse has not yet been revised, apparently because it was partly served there, including the receiving officers — guard officers, so they were afraid not to compromise the guard.II about the whole quartermaster's warehouses. the business stopped: at the rates the goods were taken by the breeders to prepare, cut and carry the warehouses, but the old part of the buyers were accommodated and at -_______928_______brought to trial for signs of bribery, and if the old buyers and the new ones left, fearing and expecting - the same would not have happened to him, they began to idle - not accept and not reject, if I may say so, an Italian strike was formed in all warehouses / . For all breeders, this was a complete charge, especially for those with whom the commodity was bought on credit; It’s time to pay the bills of exchange, and the goods must be completely cut and lying in front of the Quartermaster’s warehouses, you cannot take it back from. They cannot sell the commissaries and sell them to the private market, at least with losses, but they can’t even surrender to the treasury. In this situation were not only tanners, but also suppliers of other industries - cloth makers, canvas workers and harnesses.Vyatskie tanners, having arranged in [Petrogradѣ sovѣschanіe co - together with. Alafuzov and the associates of St. Petersburg for the drivers, decided to personally go all together, to collectively explain the critical position of suppliers and receivers, created in connection with the Senator Garinsky revision and, due to the obscurity of the Quartermaster descriptions and conditions.The main day of the Main Quartermaster was 24n of the Main Quartermaster Office. Reported to Chief Intendanthe fact that the tanneries are collectively applying for supplies. Go out to us. Chief Quartermaster Lieutenant-GeneralKamin Skіy, with him ѣ chief ѣ first from dѣlenіya, Colonel. Dushakov and Chairman of the Technical Committee, Actual State Councilor. Kasevich. The Chief Quartermaster addresses all the breeders and asks: "Which of you is Fedor. Vakhrushe." Pavel Fedorovich go out_______929_______ go ahead and say: “I am a representative of the trading house“ Fedor Vakhrushev G-I ”, and I go after him. The Chief Quartermaster hold the paper in your hand and say: “I just received a report: the consignment of your goods presented to Dvinsky. The quartermaster’s warehouse was rejected by 74%. How can you present such rubbish. I will order these facts to be published in the Intent Dansky Journal” and "I’ll give a newspaper. I’ll give an order - Vasya will not allow more than bidding for example others." Pavel Fed. he was frightened, trembled, and said: "Why, they don’t know what to do, to vainly reject." Chief Quartermaster flashed: "You do not understand what you say." Take Paul Ed. by the hand and lead the corridors to the exit, and Pavel is in trouble. rests against. The Chief Quartermaster brought him to the back row of supplies and left him, saying: “Be quiet, first think over what to steal.” I was not taken aback, I know that at this time we have Dvin selling goods, and this means a report on the previous batch. I turn to the Chief Quartermaster and declare: "Your Excellency, this product to which your report relates was rejected two months ago and we have challenged the Chief Quartermaster, in the technical committee, where the marriage has been examined and "And now even this whole party has already been accepted by Dvin by a first-rate commission." Ch. The Intersky Skye і turns to General Kasevich, the Chairperson of the Technical Committee, and asks: "Do you remember the past to get rid of Dvinsk from Fedor Vakhrushev." The Chairperson of the Technical Committee, Kasevich, said: "Yes, you were in the past month and it is recognized that by sorting the goods in a large proportion_______930_______bright. "Chief. Int. The fireplace sits down on the chairs, addresses the other breeders at the will of Rosovm, calmly:" What is your collective petition. "And at this time I am standing next to you. half voice: "I would like to ask you to finish our question. : To discontinue the order of publication about the inadmissibility of our company for bidding. "The head of the department, Ann, half-voices that there will be no publication .. The Dvina commission put its own report into its own galaxy." Respond better thoroughly! to the question asked by the Chief Quartermaster. You made a good impression on him with your reply. on a personal matter - torumbled - and reasonably from the wind. "But ahead I began to speakIvan Ignatievich Laptev, who was standing next to me, saying: "The situation is approximately the same as that at the front of the house of Fedor Vakhrushev, even worse: they were rejected, they protested and, finally, they accepted the goods from them, and almost for all the rest, the goods are lying, are not accepted and are not rejected; we remain without current assets and so if it continues, most of them will stop the factories. " When I.I. Laptev finished, I declared: “To all that has been stated by the breeder. The Laptevs, I can only add that at the moment. We are not only delaying warehouses in warehouses, except in one or two warehouses, - and for all military districts, and not for one or two random breeders, but for all suppliers. It cannot be explained by the randomness of a bad product, but something was new, which until now has not happened, which has stopped everything, and if this continues for a long time, then destroy_______931_______ The entire industry supplying the army. In particular, almost all prime commissions motivate their caution in opening and too much rejection, as if too 1: the requirements are not clear in the description of goods, according to which almost every board or part of the boot can be accepted, it can be rejected, and In connection with the senatorial revisions we have at this time, everyone should take care of themselves, thinking that it is better not to accept the dubious - for the unacceptable liability, but if the dubious is accepted and branded with the branded mark of the receiver, and the priest gives this dubious glanders rb revizoram, each Bonthe not to fall pod sud. It seems to us that this is the reason that everything has stopped, and why not accepting and not rejecting. All this has taken away all of us collectively requesting Your Excellency. - to take urgent and appropriate measures for the benefit of the general Quartermaster and to assist us - to get out of the critical situation. "The Chief Quartermaster addresses Kasevich, the editor of the Technical Committee: “I consider this matter very serious, we need to arrange an immediate meeting of the Technical Committee by my chairmanship and, perhaps, it would be useless to invite the breeders to the meeting as well in a pleading vote.” Kasevich said: "I fully share your view, Your Excellency," Chief Quartermaster of Kaminsky proposed that Kasevich arrange a meeting in three days, you will be given an opportunity by the Technical Committee, with a suggestion that a breeder be invited, at least who would like to make any kind.At the meeting of the Technical Committee, chair the Chair. Chief Quartermaster of Kaminsky, indeed, by breeders_______932_______ was invited to appear in a deliberative voice. From Vyat - sky breeders delegated me, I.I. Lapteva and Dm, I. Philip. Pova, as trusted by many. Vyatsky firms of delivery in ѣ Commodity goods. The St. Petersburg plantar plant Chikov was Alexander Nikolaevich Brusnitsyn. and Grigory Ivanovich koshurnikov, Father Kazan appeared Nikolai NikolaevichAlaruzov. Opening the meeting, Chief Quartermaster General Ka. min skyy stated that "provision with supplies, indeed,critical and we went into tunic - the commissary case throughout Russia stopped and we are hardly able to take anything now, while the senatorial revision continues. It is clear to everyone that the reason for the stagnation has given - selfish question; customers — the majority of the young people — are afraid to incur troubles - too cautious, and even perhaps exaggeratedly cautious about the business, and generally, the business suffers from this and can ruin the entire industry of suppliersѣ. . But something we must do. I ask the members to express themselves *. The members of the Technical Committee began to cautiously say that until the senatorial audit is over, while the sword hangs over our heads, no matter what we do, we don’t help, and sooner we won’t go, forcing the borrowers to take more responsibility we have no right. But partly, perhaps, the breeders are also to blame, at least for the fact that almost all of the Quartermanship commissions receive information that the rejection is intensified, mainly because of insufficient tanning. The analysis of duplication almost at all gives the minimum percentage of admissibility. I ask for the words and declare that I will deliver ten years to Inten1C:soft and hard shoe goods are one and the same_______934_______This skin cannot be released, and for this, apart from tanning drums, it is recommended to have rinsing bars and presses at the factory to remove extracts from the skin after tanning before being scraped. But I repeat that in the interest of improving the quality of the soldier’s boots, the introduction of extra tanned coats is desirable, but this would increase the cost of shoes and not much children for small breeders who have machine equipment. Therefore, I express my thoughts: extract tanning of koya for Quartermaster is permissible and desirable, but notit’s necessary, but partially so far, who can do it, even with extracts. ”The technical committee approximately and make such a decision regarding tanning, edit it in your own way. To speed up the reception, we decided to prescribe an acceptance fee for all acceptance commissions - to speed up the reception and In every doubtful case, send yourself inquiries and protests to the Technical Committee of the Main Competition in order to have the official right to rely on the Technical Committee for the questioning of doubtful things. So far this has stopped. Dante poblagoda Riehl Zavodchikova for sodѣystvіe and said: "As long as nothing else we can sdѣlat; let’s see if we’ll move forward to a dead point, then we will discuss together again for the next seven ".After graduating, they began to disperse. Brusnitsyn and Shurnikov come up to me and say: “Come with us to bring to Medvudu.” I said: “With pleasure? Until now, I almost didn’t be with them, but sign up for restaurants in Medved, took an office. Soon I went there too, old Alafuzosht, Nikolai Ivanovich. Grigory Ivanovich kosh urni to acquaint me with. N.I. Alafuzov and say: "This is my_______935_______today, I was surprised by a ludicrous man: nevertheless, he deftly laid siege to the regiments of Nick Lekin that he could not find what to ward off; we are sitting near the house. Aleksandr Nikolayevichem Brusnitsyns and say: what is it. We are used to seeing that all Vyatka always tell Intent the Danish officials to be silent, and this young, first time to appear, and the presence of the Chief Quartermaster, exposes the floor of the Lekini rug. There are incorrect conclusions about the extracted sheepskin. You regretted that in vain the young Vakhrushev took precedence of 2 m. Technical Committee, only make an effort to press yourself, bearing in mind that the Chief Quartermaster and allit’s most likely not to pick up the committee}}, but Colonel 1le film, and he cleverly explained, Ch # o Chief Quartermaster, joined in with his opinion, at the end he thanked the breeders for useful assistance. "Nikolai Ivanovich Alafuzov, I will send said: "All this is very good, but this is only the first step, but we went to move our common cause. Loe is a small group of breeders, 3-4 people, it is necessary to personally go to Senator Garin and explain everything to him in detail, which for allWe sympathize with the audit, we found ourselves at a critical pace, and the entire industry of suppliers for the army may be completely killed. "The second sentence agreed that NI Alabuzov took upon themselves to immediately ask Senator Garin for four people. delivering leather goods for the army. Three days later, we, on a significant day and hour, went to the head of the camp, NI Alabuzovs, AN Brusnitsyn, GI Koshurnikov and I. Frankly, everyone was very worried, for no one personally to Senator Garin in his she wasn’t initiatives and he didn’t call anyone himself_______936_______I didn’t carry out any investigations, but military investigators conducted all interrogations on particularly important matters: We were afraid that our initiative would personally come to the very head of the audit Senator Garin, would not be interpreted as impudence and would not cause him sovnѣnіya - we will conceiveideal, forgetful, it’s not asking us whether to protectA1 PMyourself or defend from the faces we've come across. When he entered the office of the Senatorial Audit, we kindly met the senior universal investigator, invited the Senator’s office to enter the office at the same time as us. At the opposite door, he greeted me with dignity, shook hands with us and invited him to sit down at the table. He sat down himself. Senator Garin was at the center of the table and two military investigators were entrusted with him. We sat down on the other side of the table. Start Nikolay Yves. Alafuzov, as the eldest and representative of the largest company, is sorry that we risked personally disturbing our attendance with his excellency - not for the sake of personal interest and not to protect ourselves or any of the offenders. On the contrary, we are very happy that a cool measure, such as the Senatorial revision, to disclose and eliminate and eliminate all illegal aspects of the supply of the army and the perpetrators will punish .. "We will not convince Vasya that there was no bribery in the supply - it was always “But maybe you won’t shout how to scream in the newspapers about this. But personally to the manufacturers?” “As suppliers, heads of companies, I’m sure that most of the details were bribed and, especially, those who were given bribes - to sit on revenge or to Petersburg , or at their own factories, through wineries through_______937_______we follow the general course of business, and our commissioned commissioners are either living on their own place, in the same towns, wherever there are admissions commissions of the Quartermaster, or to disconnect those commissions throughout Russia from one admissions commission to another. They with us determine the remuneration for their labor in returning and for the expenses necessary for this, from 5 to 10, of which they also pay and transporting goods from the factory to the Quartermaster warehouse. Upon completion of delivery, send us a receipt of the Quartermaster’s and appropriation for the Treasury, or directly received from the local Treasurer, for the appropriate amountamount, withholding from this amount agreedinterest. How much of this commission was spent on taking bribes and how much you put in your pocket — we are unable to check and not one of them will agree to give a detailed report, because we know that we will deduct an earplug and giving a bribe for illegal actions. Many of us have tried to get around these professional commissions, donating their faithful people, but it turns out even worse. Prijavnі іy The plant will be lost before it is lost. time and almost nothing can be handed over, and under the contract the stipulated delivery dates have come. In result, without giving up the deadline, the breeder is subject to a penalty of 10%. After similar martyrdom, the breeder was forced to ask again for the same local commissioner. Searches in our offices and the removal of books, we assume, do not bring much benefit to the house; judging by myself, I believe that in books and documents at our offices, all will have only records of the General results, payment of the account of commissioners for delivery to the Quartermaster's warehouses.But for all the details, we, with all desires, we, the breeders,_______938_______ it is impossible to compel or give evidence to the court and compel the commission of contributors. We do not have power. But in real mocops the bastion of II Іstavok stopped with. The vast majority of the plantChikov, inject all your money into it, and even more so - they bought raw materials for lending. All, the quantity of goods contracted for the Induction, was prepared, presented to the In -tendering warehouses, but no commission or acceptancechickens, - it’s possible that you don’t take a bribe from the commissioning agents as well. Throw out what will be eaten by their predecessors found in bribes. But for the majority of breeders, the payment deadlines for bills issued for raw materials are suitable, and breeders are on the bank of bankruptcy. We took the risk of disturbing your 11 excellency, personally explaining everything to you, hoping that you would be contacted by us, as some companies, who have already been involved in deliveries for the army for ten years and are not ignored in any way. " 11. BrusnitsynE and GI Koshurnikov, having briefly joined in everything described by N.K. Alaruzov, added: “We very much ask Your Excellency to provide strict and fair measures and punish the guilty, whoever they are, at least eventhe breeders will turn out to be such, but soon move. Stopping the Quartermaster. So far, and an approved stop, only suppliers are suffering and plunder, and further such uncertainty will threaten all suppliers. commercial death. "We also added that we made similar requests. B. The Main Command of the Quarterly Office, all the details were discussed, but the commission stated that they were powerless, because they couldn’t force them to force them_______939_______ recognize that this product is family and put its own brand name, which causes it at least 1–2 doubts, and members of the public justify their rejections and doubts, motivating the ambiguity of the description drawn up by the Quarterly Technical Coca - aunt, so that each piece parts of the loan according to these descriptions, we can accept the coin, but it may also be rejected. But a big inconvenience for breeders is that there are too many potential commissions open in all of Russia, and in the remote outskirts of Russia, these breeders were weighed down and managed to deliver to: every warehouse in time. But the last year, the Main Quartermaster opened up a new Quartermantes' clothing depot and the admission committee is Warsaw. While dozens of years have never come from Warsaw, you haven’t a single breeder supplied the Commissariat with soft goods, and therefore the same Vyatskie or Azanskaya breeders must also bring goods to Warsaw. I added that we are ready to put up with these, if indeed, the state was interested in this, but in our opinion there is no interest in anyone - on the contrary, there is great harm and risk. Warsaw is not only the outskirts of Russia, but also at the borders, the nearest fold of Germany. If a war happens, then the Intent Dent warehouse filled with goods will be forced to evacuate; it could be the second Liaoyang. Senator Garin turned to the senior military investigator and said: "This is unmarked." He stood up, saying: “If you have nothing more, then I thank you for everything openly stated, I’m included in your position; I’ll offer everything for the sake of the rule of law for the benefit of the state’s common cause.” He said goodbye to us again by the hand and we left._______940_______Returning home to the Paris hotel. at the Malaya Morskoy, near St. Isaac’s Cathedral, I receive an letter in an hour sent by courier - to ask the chief military officer for particularly important messages to come to the Office of the Senatorial Audit at 2:00 am. Indicate the address, street and e of the house, i.e. there, where today we were at the very senator Garin. I telephoned Ph.D. Alafuzov and G.I. Koshurnikov - neither one nor the other in the office was not there. In the morning to. II o'clock I came to the military investigator. He accepted me rather kindly, invited me to his office. He declared that “Yesterday, His Excellency, Senator Garin, paid special attention to your statements and you impressed him with a frank gentleman. He instructed me to conquer the Council with you privately, in private, and I ask Vasya to tell you frankly - what and who Most of all, you are indignant at the actions and the staging of the Quartermaster. Yesterday you stated on the accountWarsaw warehouse - this completely coincided with the number of our visitation commissions, but apparently, you yesterday doubted the presence of other breeders who spoke only in general terms, without negotiating; apparently you didn’t finish something either. I ask Vasya, without hesitating, say everything, and if you have a name, you should speak frankly. All this will be between us, like a private conversation and I give you my word for myself and for General Senator Garin himself, that you personally will not be held responsible for not reporting. "I said:" That we all announced yesterday together, I confirm all this and will confirm it privately and officially, add moreI can’t say anything and I don’t know anyone._______941_______The commissioners are the ones who hand over the surrenders, interrogate them and interrogate them; moreover, many of them selected notebooks and memorabilia books as auditors. Personally, I manage the factory and I am in Petersburg only official torres, which are produced by the military council with the participation of the okrug of the Intendant. My opinion is that there are no illegal bids. taking or bribery is unthinkable and unheard of. "The military investigator declares:" Take the commissionmen’s deliverers different and dodged and do not want to explain your unclear records and try to cover the bribe takers, and therefore we are actually trying to influence your bribe takers By your servants, you make them tell you everything frankly. Then, relatively trade. Of course, neither in the military council, nor in the district Intendants, nor in the Smooth Quartermaster, there can be no doubt. If there were illegal illegal acts. But Nast is more interestedthe whole question is how do the contractors: find out the secret prices approved for the sale of the main military in the Soviet Union, and this is actually there, and they have done it fairly well, and I’ve already done it in a row - I said a few times, but I still wanted to check and hear it from Vasya. "I denied that neither I, nor anyone else for the driver forced to force the deliverer to say that they were not good, we didn’t have any chance - they were not big on Ish and yesterday we explained to Ero II that we or some of us have tried to require detailed reports, thunderstorm zamѣnit other deliverers and for this same breeders themselves have suffered, because new deliverers do not give up and brought sp ev Zavodchikova beneath the penalty. If Senatorska revizіi ihѣ are prinuditelnyya means, then let herself revizі onnaya commis_______942_______si and force time to clarify all obscure entries. As for the second question - how to find out the contractors secret prices, approved by bidding for the district. This is the first time I hear and I am surprised to hear from Vasya. In my opinion, the contractors even need to learn secret secrets. Bidding is carried out publicly, closed and in batches, kah: the first contractor seeks to secure his backwater with work for the whole year, he tries to declare the lowest prices in order to beat the prices of competitors and not to staywould be without an EQ, i.e. Without E Supplies. Without reckoning eatwhether my statement is lower or higher than the secret prices of E. There have been cases where the declared prices were higher than the secret ones. The second bidding is appointed, the contractors lower the price by half per cent or per cent. If after the second sale of some contractors the delivery is approved, and for some, at higher prices, the remaining quantity is refused and presented in the third auction, then it’s clear for everyone that the price of the morning came at a secret price and at the third auction this is acceptable. I appreciate for myself - to ask to take the remaining amount at this price, and sometimes even half a percent lower, afraid of competitors. "ІІока Military investigator waged the above conversation with me, passed an hour. Time from the next room came l footman reported that breakfast is ready to listen shav me without interrupting, military slѣdovatel zayavil:. "You otvѣchaete general and phrases, all around, so go around and basically said nothing.. You didn’t get it from Vasya, but you can’t do anything about it. If you need another, then we’ll call Vasya offi- cially, but for now, stop it. ”The second hand and I are right._______943_______ognize the hotel. Many report that telephoning G.I. Kosh urnikov came from Alabuzov’s office, and if I soon returned Vernus to telephone Alabuzov’s telephone. I protelephoned. It turned out that Kosh urnikov and Alabuzov were still there and asked me to take a note at Alafuzov’s office, to inform me that they had conceived me. I’ve hanged, I told everything in detail. G.I. Koshurnikov turned to Alabuzov, saying: "I said that the senator considered him to be, after the statement about the Warsaw warehouse, a simpleton, who was alone to say it all the time, and therefore invited one. But they didn’t attack so much - apparently, they didn’t do anything got". It should be noted that I was then dressed in a kaftan with collections of peasant cuts, a good dark-blue cloth, wide trousers, and high blue beetroot boots. Accepting in chapter 11, in addition to this, my Vyatsky reprimand and not literary, but rather a semi-peasant syllable - all this, taken in revenge - it is possible that I appeared to Senator Garin, the 2nd WALL EO, a simpleton who it was irrevocable to express everything that was pounding on his heart, and indeed, it turned out to be a disappointment - they heard nothing new from me. But in the next time, while the revision was going on, they never called me to the investigator. Farther and we decided to expect that from E our applicants will succeed, because there is nowhere else to go - we reached the very top.months have passed. The entire warehouse warehouse didn’t accelerate, each party received a 50-80% rejection commission and always went to protest, and then it was already taken, but through protests the landlords guaranteed themselves that although they accepted an allegedly doubtful goods, but only after that, when the Technical Committee, disagreeing with their rejection, recognized the goods as acceptable._______944_______In the fall, new tenders and the need for the next year were announced. But all the contractors, for all warehouses, still had undelivered goods for the past year under current contracts.On the eve of the day of bargaining, having gathered together, they discussed the situation, almost no better than what was six months ago. Most spoke out that they had no opportunity to take on the contract again until they had passed last year. The rest joined, and no one on the day of the auction appeared in the military district council, did not file a single application. The Military District Council recorded and report to the Chief at the Quartermaster. On the next day, all suppliers, the breeders, came to Nice Intent, personally and collectively, that until there was no extra commission to accept the cut goods, according to last year’s contracts, we were practically deprived of the opportunity to take New Contracts, because our plants were almost empty , there’s nothing for us to cook raw skin. The semiannual experience showed that until a new, clearer description of the goods was developed, a quick passage would not go; not a single party for the past six months has been accepted without protest, and the protest dragging out the money and causing damage to the factory and to the detriment of the general state supply of the army.The Chief Quartermaster ordered to immediately arrange a meeting of the Technical Committee with the participation of breeders under his chairmanship, i.e. Rise before eating. Glavnago In tenant general lieutenant Kamin Skago.On the next day you held the building of the main Competition. We began to revise the description of the glancing of the goods and the change and improvement of the external appearance of the boot. Went onfour_______945_______this is a daily assignment for four days. With the approval of the Chief Quartermaster, we, the breeders of 11, invited a wall of graphic artists and all the preferences were recorded verbatim, but they were NOT distributed to all the participants and sent to the wholeDistrict Quartermaster Ulya oznakodіlenіya and leadership.S.Tipi boot was completely sidsoiz small, improve. You should develop a new type of beautiful Russian boot, suitable for the type the peasant, the young man, is used to at home, buying a bazaar, which is often not of durable leather quality, but it is beautiful in appearance. The commissariat, leaving all its technical requirements related to the strength of the skin, took into account only the beauty of the appearance and elegance of the pads; strictly established the selection when distributing a boot — to pick up each soldier’s legsѣ, and not to randomly give out the first retreats, as before. Then, at the insistence of the breeder, it was introduced to accept goods although still white; while they are to be stored in a warehouse, they should be white, but upon delivery c) sewing in uniform workshops, obligate the last, for an additional fee, blacken the boots of E workshops with an old paint and thoroughly grease the seals with grease, and not a little let out the army as white as it was because it turned out to be established that by releasing the army beforehand, it was issued for blackening and fattening to each soldier in the hands of money. Which made it very difficult for a soldier: where did he look to buy aniline paint and seal fat. Yes, and how to cook paint. Most don’t know, and although most kept this money at home, they sold shoes to the private market for half the price and added money to the proceeds_______946_______they were precious, and partly of their money, received from home, and they bathed in the bazaar private boots of a beautiful appearance, blackened and weathered, but not strong skin. And many soldiers, without having received from the house, received white boots, blackened their timber with guilt, and wore it. And the lumber made the skin, after a month the boots fell apart, and through this a public rumor was created that the Quartermaster or the priest’s quartermaster would take worthless goods for bribes, which would fall apart after a month. I had to prove a little obscure claims of the previous descriptions. For example, a career: it was said: in the shank of the skin, only a carefully smoothed out skin is allowed. The word "carefully-smoothed out is tensile and entailed mass arbitrary rejection." It’s very difficult to smooth the door so that it doesn’t feel well, but the penetrated blackened one is easily smoothed. I chose a white door with pink skin that isn’t any like a breeder. he wasn’t allowed to cut on the shin for a soldier’s voice, because it couldn’t be smoothed out in any way. ”Having taken this whole collar undeveloped, by the strength of the head of the landing workshop, pierce one half of the collar to the ridge, to smooth out the bacon, blacken and roll the oatmeal measure, and leave the other half to a natural look ”, without smoothing. When sitting the committee in the main Quartermaster, when discussing the issue of thoroughly sorting, I take it out of the portfolio and fold it , showing the white side, I ask: “Do you want to go to such a gate to allow the bootleg to be thoroughly ironed?” They unanimously recognized that it was unacceptable, because it could not be ironed. I take it so B0_______947_______rotoki, turn and show the black half. “And how do you go about a similar gate, smoothed out to a black-faced ear and washed, whether or not acceptable.” Unanimously, the Technical Committee recognized the candidate as acceptable, but said: “If you had just shown the collar you wouldn’t have sent so well-ironed and nicely finished and in black look. ”I, with all my strength, unzip all the gates on the ridge and put it on it, stating:“ Here’s Vai proof that the same one is porous: half was deliberately glorified by the woman, the second is for display. "B ѣ were surprised and opisanіi delete the words "the pressed carefully" remains Viv words that Borotok tops permitted unless uu ћet other unacceptable glyhE porokov and carefully introduced to iron wi duty workshops obmundirovalnyhE.Even in the same year, the technical committee, together with the breeders, proved that the damage. For early Sol Danish boots, without a subcontract, went forward and without pasting at the top of the boot. And they proved that in front of the bottomless row, the inside of the legs is sweaty, and the outside of the damp, with the outfit, keeps the leg, i.e. external dampness through double skin will not reach the soldier’s body for longer. The foot, through the ordinary skin. In private shoes, in the work boots, they are surely given coats for the first time, and even intelligent shoes, varnished shoes, and then a canvas or linen sub-contract is given, and -_______948_______one does not hold one’s feet, recognize and during dampness the lower leg - after wetting, will go down almost to the front, it turns out ugly and uneven leg in formation. Of course, in the private market you will never see such a mix of Russians without the need for links. Soldier kL H11 Ak used to at home and ed .: і? In addition, we get 14 1 from the house with money, again without boots and glue for selling the boots, we will sell our shoes at the bazaar and replace them with private ones !! MainQuartermaster sodas11 DS31 s. An argument? And for 30 hours LiK0BB 1 Technicalthe committee introduced in OTG the use of boots in addition - to build boots must be glued and with a sub-dress, moreover, the last ones are also allowed from a split of the best quality, established thickness and weight.All new descriptions were urgently given upwards. The days are the main ones of the M E military council, published, and according to new descriptions, bidding is scheduled in E month or a half. This timeSBidding CONDITIONED and all pre-declaration of treasury amount in a rowthe chiki dismantled and the delivery was first X bargaining was approved. A new description has already been accepted frequently !! often and with goods from a year-old contract, the prize went faster. It is possible that assistance was provided by the Senatorial Audit tacitly that excessive marriages, without any reason, will also be recognized as unlawful actions and that guilty parties will also be prosecuted. in the obel, the thing has moved from a dead point.V. 1907, the year we took in our company a German, a Romanian citizen, Sikhіon Grigoryevich Bulolasko, who received a special leather education in ** berg, Saxony, had a diploma for the title of assistant master. With his visit to_______949_______ our backwater, we began to re-equip the entire device to the factory according to its instructions. They discharged from Germany the Manus’s family to split the machine with a band knife for cutting leather during cleaning, and not after the hollow out, so that the leather was tanned separately, and split. It was tanned separately by the residues of the extract after skinning. They made openings for shakshevanii and checking skin with juice, CE with a spinning winged wheelѣ inside the papille / which replaced the manual bulkhead, the wound practiced /, and then put in again additional tanning tanks, tammas, where was the change for the ra? boots for bootsѣ. They put a second stone floor for building with large windows below, where they rolled felt boots, put an additional 10 tanning drums, one washing drum for leather tanned with extracts, presses for squeezing the extract and a grease drum. When everything about ore was. ready, declared to the Technical Committee of the Headsof the Quartermaster's office to testify our backwaters and calculate the productivity of our plant according to new equipment in an increased amount.By condition. Quarters, all suppliers, concluding contracts for the supply, make a cash deposit of 10% or the breeder replaces this mortgage with the governor’s certificate of the plant’s activity, but within the limits of how much to determine the activity of this Technical Committee. Because everyone is for the driver. at least 510 years, you have to go to the main Quartermaster Office to ensure that its backwater is certified and the production rate is established for the amount that the breeder can contract annually without collateral. Previously, our backwater might not_______950_______a pledge to take contracts of up to 80,000 pairs of boots of soft goods. But after the presidency. The technical committee that called Vyatka for the examination of several plants, the activity of our factory was determined to300,000 pairs of boots and 5 million rubles of half output for amm unified things: cartridge bags, cabaret, drink and port. What was of great importance for the benefit of the business, especially in wartime, because this productivity of our company was given the legal right to take contracts. For without additional money security, only according to the provincial certificate:The master of our factory, Simon Mikhailovich Bululsko, has a floor. a salary of 2,000 rubles a year for a finished apartment is heated and reimbursed, but at its own cost; and earlier the masters received 500 or 600 rubles. every year, with our maintenance, i.e. flea and drank tea with cutters. In general, at all Vyatka and Sloboda factories the craftsmen were self-taught handicraftsmen, without any special or technical education, peasants, and did not receive a salary at any plant. up to 1000 rubles. Bululsko was the first master at Vyatka with special education; they served with us for two years, and after that he was removed from us by Ivan Ignatievich Laptev. But if it had been sent so that a month before the deadline, S. M. Bululsko would know that he was coming back home. We proposed to him to increase his salary up to 2500 rubles, but he refused and sir. But month blac_______951_______Vasiliy Ivanovich Rmyzdin, who when tanned with extracts, for S.M. Bululsko did not hide his secret from him, and there wasn’t any, he just needed to be careful - first tan with liquid extracts, and then gradually strengthen. But in the end, we were convinced that it was practical to first kill by filling with: a swarm of 2-3 fillings, and then finish the drum, the goat came out soft and completely hollowed out. Although the methods of Bululsk are: tanning without the backfill with bark, and directly suspending it first on liquid juices: it’s also good, but there are cases of oversight if the first juices of the extract are induced at least a little ripe, the skin’s face is steeply grabbed and the skin after the end of the dubbing is too dense and the face breaks when bent. But in the future, we ourselves already took to this and followed the juice for ourselves, or more often reminded the master not to allow over the certain strength of the initial juices. The factory work was already proceeding according to that system, as it had been established by a specialized master craftsman.. The First State Duma gathered in St. Petersburg in April, in the Tauride Palace, but it was opened in the Grand Palace, in the typed and Senate Square. The First State Duma was opened by the State Emperor Nicholas II himself. The first State Duma, in composition, was in the majority of the cadet party, which immediately became the opposition to the government. Things didn’t go, attacks on the government and various requests went on more and more, the State Duma was dissolved two months later and in 1906 new elections to the 2nd State Duma were held in the fall. In Vyatka I was once again a Slobodsky uezd by property qualification by an elector and in the second Duma. At the same time, Frol Petrovich Lѣsnikovѣ and Aleksѣ Nikolaev Shklyaev were electors, and the city’s_______952_______owners. - Nikolai Zakharovich Platunov again and someone else come true, but I don’t remember them. For the peasants and generally for the poor sample - in Vyatka, this time, it was allocated for the hostel to be quartered in the hostel of the Vyatka male gymnasium, and not on the feldsher courses of the provincial zemstvo in order to prevent the presence of any zemstvo employees on the electors. Outsiders didn’t help where the electors lived, they didn’t let anyone in, and even the electors didn’t have the right to bring anyone with them, but you, the fighters themselves, could freely go wherever and whenever they wanted. Pre-election meetings - rallies were held in the same memory of the electors themselves. In the corridor at the door was a police soldier, checking documents of incoming samples. Inexperience, one of those, a young police officer, during the rally entered the meeting room of the electors and stopped at the door. Having preceded, one of the choices of shchikov, having interrupted the confinement, got on their feet and addressed the police soldier with a question: “What do you want. How did you dare to enter the confinement hall, not asking for permission,” you screamed: , stink from here, into his neck. " The policeman was embarrassed to the soldier, did not manage to unscrew anything, backs away at the door. At this time, the door opened, a second policeman peered into the noise from the corridor, an older one, realizing what was happening, grabbed the young policeman by the sleeve and quickly took him to the corridor, shutting the door behind him. Everyone quickly calmed down. This time, the electors in the Second Duma were already more experienced and most of the intelligentsia, conscious party socialists — they were, and the peasants began to mobilize the peasant electors mobilizing by party, explaining to them that only having entered into steam_______953_______ tіyu or sympathizing with the party program may fall into the State Duma, if the party recognize him worthy. And if given, the party will be in the majority. So, as if you ran for the first Duma - there will no longer be such a ballot, so that a hundred people all voted two times. We need this one. often join the party and each party take a ballot here and put forward their own candidates, and then, between the parties, enter the agreement of the candidates for the final election to be held by deputies of the State Duma. The rest of all recorded parties are already strictly adhering to party discipline, i.e. run for only those persons whom we will elect in the election run. Personally, no one should stand for election at the general election and vote on all who will be nominated by right-wing parties or non-party, or individually stand for themselves. Bearing in mind that the peasants even tried to get to the State Duma all by themselves or to elect an obligator of their own district, then the parties began to sign up for an interruption: Socialist-Revolutionary or Socialist-Revolutionary Party, completely not understanding what time Nitsa between these parties, or even unaware of the purpose of pursuing these parties and what their program is. And to see that the intellectual leaders of these parties consist of these parties and spoke eloquently and communicated a lot to the peasants, the Nyakov_______954_______face fully conscious and knowledgeable. programs at the party and party discipline, and then and the victims. They are the administrators of the administrative arbitrariness of the governors, or even the state ones who have their bureaucrats and the form of expulsion. the governor for the provinces or for dismissal from the service of the treasury institution, and then the peasant, they have firm will and determination to obey all party discipline, as they say: "prepare to go into fire and water if you fall on it party party." On the last evening of the election campaign, the parties started to run for election, nominated parties. I saw among the first candidates the Socialist community of Sarapulsk doctor Zaitsev, who I knew personally, and he merged with the deported by order of the governor, BE last month, expelled Sarapul to the Perm province. All previous days he didn’t appear at the rallies, although he was in Vyatka, but he was hiding somewhere with friends in private apartments .. During this last evening of the election meetings, he was first introduced to the electors and ran for huge ones. by a majority, they were handed in to the deputies of the State Duma; BE deputies. Among them, I remember Glazovsko ѣ uzda sotsiali - one hundred with higher education Saltykov, the son of a former member of the provincial zemstvo council, Nikolai Petrovich Saltykov; and from Yaransk uzd - a priest from. Fedor Tikhvinskago, left in the political party Trudoviks. Then the Socialist-Revolutionaries and Social Democrats of Sarapulskago and Elabuzhskogo uzdovѣ and others were marked — I don’t remember their name, but neither. No one from Sloboda County, no other Vyat Skago in the Second Duma. I’m All CandidatesOM_______955_______datovѣ recorded and, at the end of the second election meeting, at twelve in the morning, I was brol. Petrovich. Tѣsnikov, we went to the governor’s house, as he urged to inform him today of the result of the pre-election run., When we arrived at midnight in front of the governor, then he became guests - the chairman of the District Court and the prosecutor, as well as the manager of the State Bank; they played screws when they reported to Prince S.D. Gorchakov, he interrupted the game, quickly went downstairs, invited us to his office. Taking the candidate who has been written down, he addresses the question: “How would you like to elect Dr. Zaitsev in absentia when he is sent from the Vyatka province.” I retort: ​​“The first day of his day, indeed, I couldn’t see the meetings, the pre-election meetings,” today, about two hours before the end of the last day for the end, it is unexpected for us. appeared. His noisy introduction - Vali and he said a short speech and announced that he will belong to the party of the Socialist Democrats and will energetically carry out the entire party program. First of all, he was balloted. There can be no mistake - I personally know him. ”Prince Gorchakov was indignant:“ Could you tell the police not to know that you are a political figure located in the provincial city ”and I will learn about it, in addition to the police chief. It’s necessary now to arrest Zaitsev and send him away. "I said that it’s probably not convenient anymore, since tomorrow morning he will already be a national of a swearing, a member of the 2nd State Duma. Prince Gorchakov said:" Look at it. " The order to call the police chief and the secretary of the provincial zemstvo is attended by St Sadovskago and the ruler of the stationery, PN Shklyaev.._______956_______thNOTthey blessed us and we went home.In the morning, the elections took place and Zaitsev appeared right at the appointed hour at the electoral meeting hall for the male gymnasium and was elected to the 2nd State Duma of the deputy. All nominated candidates were also elected - immediately, by the very first ballot. It turned out that the officials summoned by the governor at night, his subordinates, convinced him that it was now too late to arrest and expel Zaitsev when he had almost elected the State Duma and enjoyed immunity. So they left. I only fell to police chief Verneev for what they didn’t know и when and how did they come to Vyatka Zaitsevѣ.The State Duma of the second convocation pro existed for three or four years, i.e. a little longer than the first Duma. Then it was the Prime Minister and the Minister of Internal Affairs Pyotr Arkadyevich Stolypin. They courageously fought verbally with the State Duma. Having revealed the enthusiasm of his speech in the "New. Time", he has a right direction. I recall his words spoken by the BE of the Duma: "Do not intimidate. You need deep shock and noisy phrases, but we need a great, strong Russia." With these words, a bronze medal was cast in the last; on one sideѣ to spoil it, and on the other sideѣ - this is his famous phrase that thundered throughout Russia. In the second Duma Social-Democratic Party of Deputies, including 52 people, she campaigned for a violent coup d'état, forcible overthrow of an existing state. state wennago .. system. Vinister Stolypin offer the whole Sovereign_______957_______ state criminals, but the Duma decided most of the time not to give out the socialist faction. Then One Hundred Lypin, by the Highest Commandment I, dissolved the State Duma of the 2nd convocation. Change partially partially the law of the elections to the State Duma and in 1907 new elections were called, the Third State Duma.Іјослѣ dissolution of the 2nd Duma, all social. -democrats, 52 people, former deputies of the 2nd Duma, were immediately arrested and put on trial, and were sentenced and sent to Siberia. Among these 52-nd ones, the Navi Vyatsky socialists also got caught: Salty kovі, doctor Zaitsev and more. And the Yaransky priest, father Fyodor Tikhvinsky, the former Duma in the left party, after the dissolution of the Duna, removed the priesthood and temporarily enlisted in the brewery in Slobodskoy KI P.I. Alexandrov. I saw him in the Alexandrovsky Demian office, dealing with books at the office table. But as a result, as if, he entered as a free-listener at Yuryev University and passed the exams and sent the doctor out.After the first dissolution, the First State Duma did not want to quietly go home, and most of the leftist pairs of cadets and all cadets were headed by the chairman. if you were a Urom citizen, EE Vyborg, V. Finland died, and from there they issued an appeal to the population of Russia: not to pay state taxes and others for the lair, not to let their children serve in the soldiers, and so on. For the distribution and publication of this appeal, all the deputies of the first State Duma, who were in Vyborg and subscribed to the resolution of this appeal, were given a judge. They sued in Petersburg. Prosecutor - Blame -It’s like state criminals, but the Duma decided most of the time not to give out a socialist faction. Then One Hundred Lypin, by the Highest Commandment I, dissolved the State Duma of the 2nd convocation. Change partially partially the law of the elections to the State Duma and in 1907 new elections were called, the Third State Duma.Іјослѣ dissolution of the 2nd Duma, all social. -democrats, 52 people, former deputies of the 2nd Duma, were immediately arrested and put on trial, and were sentenced and sent to Siberia. Among these 52-nd ones, the Navi Vyatsky socialists also got caught: Salty kovі, doctor Zaitsev and more. And the Yaransky priest, father Fyodor Tikhvinsky, the former Duma in the left party, after the dissolution of the Duna, removed the priesthood and temporarily enlisted in the brewery in Slobodskoy KI P.I. Alexandrov. I saw him in the Alexandrovsky Demian office, dealing with books at the office table. But as a result, as if, he entered as a free-listener at Yuryev University and passed the exams and sent the doctor out.After the first dissolution, the First State Duma did not want to quietly go home, and most of the leftist pairs of cadets and all cadets were headed by the chairman. if you were a Urom citizen, EE Vyborg, V. Finland died, and from there they issued an appeal to the population of Russia: not to pay state taxes and others for the lair, not to let their children serve in the soldiers, and so on. For the distribution and publication of this appeal, all the deputies of the first State Duma, who were in Vyborg and subscribed to the resolution of this appeal, were given a judge. They sued in Petersburg. Prosecutor - Blame - Send feedbackHistorySavedCommunity_______958_______lem all Выбор Vyborzhtsev past Peter Konstantinovich Kamyshanskywho was the last governor of Vyatka. All of them were deprived of their civil rights for a year and the right to enter the capital of Russia.. The former head of the Vyatka province in the first Duma, the priests of Ognevy, after the dissolution of the Duma, also served with Aleksandrova in the Vyatka office warehouse, but later graduated from BE Petro grad University and was a lawyer. at Vyat skom okrugdѣ.In the fall of 1906, I was with the manager of the Siberian Bank D.S. Stratonov was in the Vyatka public meeting / club / /, had dinner. Having learned that I am not even a member of the Vyatka club, since when I visited the club I always asked him to sign a guarantee for me, Stratonov always willingly signed, but this time they started to tempt me, which is not reasonable and not to enter solidly ѣ members of the club - perhaps 10 rubles. at. It’s a pity to bring in. I refused, motivating the fact that I often visit - 3-4 times a year, but I can also vote for me. Stratonov hesitated, saying that it was an almost unforeseen case that it would occur to any member not to accept the Novago member in order to deprive his club of cherries of a 10 ruble deposit. I requested the application form, filled out, having signed the guarantee myself, and signed the distance to the sitting engineer of the Vyatsk governorate construction division Ya.II. Maksimovich / assistant I.A. Charushin. Submitted to post on the queue of the proposed new membersѣ. It took me a month and I forgot about it. I’m reading the Vyatka lѣvoy newspaperѣ “Vyatskaya Rѣch”: “Yesterday, the Vyatka public meeting was run for a well-known_______959_______ Zensky provincial vowel P.A. Vakhrushev is a member of the club and get out of favor. "ІІpiѣхавв Vyatka, I come to the Accounting Komi aunt in the State Bank. Managing A .. Svopovidov shows a newspaper and says:" It's outrageous: in our Vyatka club, I’m starting to play politics. You voted for the fact that you were listed in the party of the legal order in the elections to the State Duma. If I go further, I will leave the member of the Vyatka club. We are organizing our own commercial club. "I was annoyed that it didn’t bother me at all, I only ran for yielding to D.S. Aksimovich signed sureties and put them out. I warned them that they could vote, but many of them were neither warm nor cold. Indeed, the club $ predominantly comprised of elders consisted of progressive liberal political views. Among the elders were former members of the provincial zemstvo council .K. Klyucharyov and other Zemstvos. It’s as if Klyucharyov’s campaigning was open, so that the right-wing Zemstvo, governor’s favorite could be blamed for evil to Prince Gorchaku: to show her that he was in charge of the governor’s club members, although the prince Gorchakov once closed the Vyatka club for something, but soon the club was reopened.BE Siberian Bank in Vyatka, a year after the opening, help the manager D.S. Stratov onovu, being from the second Petersburg send an assistant manager Alexander Markovich. Olonnikov take the Bank Inspector II. M. Olennikova. He occupied a small table in the office ѣ the manager, to the side ѣ by the window, and howka2_______960_______as if he didn’t do anything: sitting and writing down the incoming message and proceeding from the paper with the disposal of the main authority and these reports of the governing body, this document is summarized in brief. But at the same time, the manager introduced him to each client entering the office of the manager. It was known to me that taking Al. Sark., Petr Karko Beach Olennikov under the leadership of the Siberian Bank as a traveling inspector, and I guessed that I would send my brother to Vyatka BE HO to leave the bank early, to prepare in advance Tonov, for the post I manage Tsago. But about a year. or one and a half still Stratonov remained governable, and OlennikovONLY THE SCOPE OF ME,gEtThis time, once, refers to many. officials especially entrusted with the second under the governorѣ, Count. Nikolai Nikolaevich Rosh for, asking him to lend him a month or two thousand rubles a day. I said: “I can’t give you personal money, because I have limited funds and don’t have enough money for my factory turnover, and if you want, let's try to take it to the bank. If you agree to take your bill into account.” Count N.N. Rochefort wrote. bill for 2000 rubles. for three months. I sent to V. Sibirsky Bank and said: “Look, this is a veteran researcher asking for money to lend to him. If you think he is creditworthy and you hope that he will redeem the promissory note on time, then consider this, and if you believe that you will not redeem it, then don’t consider. " D.S. Stratonovi said: "GE, of course, we will die this promissory note, but we warn you that you will have to redeem it personally - we personally will not trust him even 200 rubles." I asked for 3-4 days to delay the age of villages, and then send me a registered mail. when writing to the form of the Siberian Bank that the Accounting Committee did not allow this:_______961_______. a bill of exchange for accounting, since banks only take into account trade commodity bills. After receiving such a letter after 4 days with the returned promissory notes, I sent it to Count N.N. Rochefort. Tѣm for the end. He didn’t apply for a loan anymore, and the uprising, meeting himself, asked: "What is it, Straton’s inspector, and not want to do such a favor." I denied that you couldn’t do anything, not to depend on anyone, firstly, the bank’s charter requires only commercial bills, and secondly ,E an accounting committee, which is against the charter’s rule!This is the occasion, on the occasion of Garin’s Senatorial revision, we have everything, the breeder, the goods were lying BE !! and tendering warehouses, the proceeds of evil were slow, bank loans were full and we experienced financial difficulties. There came a time when it was urgently needed 18,000 rubles to buy promissory notes for tomorrow, and the accounting committee in the State Darwent Bank, the day after tomorrow, Thursday. On Tuesday, I am in the office of the administrator of the State Bank and explain to him that it is necessary to pay 18,000 rubles tomorrow, and the committee only on Thursday. Is it possible to take into account today or tomorrow, A.I. It was up to me to take bills and registers, signatures from me, called the watchman’s call, asked to call Comptroller Petrov and told him what should be done today. The inspector silently took and take the registry, put your by hand, handed over to the accounting department. I thanked the governors, yeah, they rejected: "I completely lie to you and sympathize; I myself have been in such a critical situation, and therefore to everyone in need of a lie." After half an hour, the accounting of profit was made and many money were issued. Thursday my registry about*oneB5._______962_______I went through the accounting committee and silently all the members were signed. After the committee A.I. The Svetovidov asked me to stay with him after all for a moment. When everyone left, they turned to me: “Can I ask Vasya to take into account my bill for 1600 rubles in the Volga-Amsk Bank for 17 days.” I reject: “It’s a great pleasure if you take it, but it seems to me that I whole credit fill. " A.I. Svetovidov said: "Tell the manager that this is personally for me, he, I hope, will do in excess of credit." Quickly wrote a bill in the name of our company, send it to the Volzhsky Bank, presented a bill. The manager, looking at the signature, said: "Sit down, now do it." Treat yourself to accounting, saying: "Immediately take into account and give money to your office." While I was in the office with the managers, talking about E Quartermaster supplies, he was to criticize the Quartermaster’s move, that why give all the same price, regardless of the quality. A private buyer goes to buy boots there, where the product is better and richer and costs more to pay for it, I reject that the Quartermaster has developed its own conditions, according to which all trades are taken at approximately the same price and should give the goods the same way quality, not lower than condition, and Quartermaster stipulate that condition goods to be carried in boots should be at least six months old. But more than that, apparently, they do not need to. Luke Nick. Kiryanko continues: “And if your product could be worn 9 or 12 months, why shouldn't the Quartermaster establish such a principle - pay for each linear-carried month a ruble or a polar switch for a month. You now have a shoe factory; now you can sew good boots and offerfour.2tE._______963_______ those commissars in the form of experience, with a guarantee for six months, and if you run about longer, then for each month make a surcharge ", I thanked you for your advice and for the idea, I will advise my mother and try to make an offer. Then governing Luka Nick. Kiryanko said: “Why do you take into account the St.-Vida age of villages, because he will soon be able to resign and there will be no benefit to you.” I distract you from teaching me how to help all of us when we are especially safe. yourself, and not only when anticipating that they will probably need sometime, and always everywhere, and if you choose only to help, from whom you expect to derive material benefit, then you can make a mistake: maybe he will not turn to for help then. helping A. I. Svtovidov, I personally do not risk anything, but for him it can be, indeed, in power - and thank God I always considered him very good and from talkative to everyone in need, and apart from good, nothing from him personally I do not see. After 20-25 minutes, take into account the past. LXн brought the money to the manager’s office, I put it on promissory notes and signed the receipt of money, bring the money to the State Bank, transferring A.I. It’s a species. Bh terms, after 17 days, bill A.I. Svetovidovym were redemption laziness. CE of this moment managing Volga-Kamskago Bank Luka Nick. Kiryanko changed to many relations, steel is always very fond of and guests start to come to many of them.Having conversed with Si Paul, the Fed. about the idea suggested by Lukoil Nick_______964_______ look, but on a soldier’s blockѣ; from our treasury sample of the goods according to my order, the style is much ѣ Moscow ѣ Yakov Fadѣevich. For mint, and I drove this model to the Chief Quartermaster. But now more than six months have passed - no disgust. You’re happier than me, try and get it. "I ordered that we produce a woolen factory from the official sample of the goods soldier’s boots, but according to the new description, they should be outfitted and glued with beetroot. Kiryanko, having established every single month of socks of 50 kopecks, deliberately reducing the amount in order to interest the Quartermaster, so that it would be willing to follow these principles. L.N. Kiryanko was flattered that his thought was not a voice in the desert, on the contrary, the grain fell on I approved the statement and I went to St. Petersburg .. Appearing to the Chief Quartermaster Kaminsky, who, I confess, I was afraid of the conclusion of the incident. I had F. for the hand. But this time they took me into the office of one After reading the statement, I kindly offered to sit down. Asked me: “You offer a guarantee for 6 months, but because of our Quartermaster’s conditions, it seems that we also need 6 months to wear, so why should we lengthen the deadlines and ask the military for a fee Advice ny loans. I like the sample presented to you and I am not averse to giving you a small trial order with a guarantee, but I will offer you a guarantee of your own principle, but vice versa: for every month that you wear below six months, you will return the treasury of 50 kopecks. from. pairs for the number of boots that after E 5 months turn out to be unusable, and if in 4 months the boots fall apart_______965_______gi, then you return the treasury in rubles and couples for only those that fall apart, and longer than the set deadline, we don’t need more than 6 months socks, but this complicates the matter and is connected with new reports on military advice. " I said: "Your Pretense of similarity, while offering a guarantee, I had in mind not the one-sided principle of surcharge, as I suggested, over six months are nine kopecks. from. pairs, it is clear that I must repay the same amount for each pair of boots сап that could not stand the toe 6 months old forearm, but I did not write. this is in my proposal only because I am firmly confident in my product, I know that he can take out more than 6 months. "The Chief Quartermaster summoned the chief from the department and told him:" Take this statement; the other day, together with. Vakhrushev, work out the price, according to the sample presented, and give him a trial order for 30,000 bets, if you accept it we offer it in principle, but vice versa: at a discount of 50 kopecks. eat couples for every premature soldier; To make it easier for us to follow this experience, we will need to send this party to all of you Petersburg grenadier regiments. For acceptance, you will have to send an officer to the Quartermaster’s factory to monitor the work and to inspect the goods in front of the boot. I have BE LIskvѣ a suitable smoother of the warehouse, Colonel Alekseev. To him, and write a business trip. "I was surprised at a quick decision. Having left the office of the chief quartermaster, the head of the department, I said:" I correctly told you last time that you made a good impression on the general of the main quartermaster. Come here two days later, the main Quartermaster’s office, and call me the BE receptionist, I’ll think over everything over the past two days and prepare a draft contract with a new principle. "_______966_______ After 2 days I come. The head of the department invited me to his desk, asking me to inform him on all parts of the boots the price to get the elephant's cost of the boot. I told him: “I’m valuing the best, shafts, soles and soles. You consider the average price for the current year for all the treasury trade in soft and hard goods, the additional outfit is 15 kopecks. A pair of gluing under the shin shcha-beetroots for 30 kopecks a pair. Eclipse sewing ears and so on - consider those that you pay with uniform workshops for building boots - you get a complicated price for a brew 70k for a couple. roads I talked dates for free. The head of the department checked all the prices, the total cost of the finished project. contract, far read many. I read, expressed my agreement with everything. They went along to the Chief Quartermaster. After 5 visas, you have to go to my office. Chief Quartermaster Kaminsky addresses me: “Go on a draft contract acceptable.” I confirmed: “Yes.” * Tomorrow BE the Circle of Quartermaster ывайте sign the contract and listen, take it home, get ready to work without delay. Colonel Alexeyev will be at the factory in a week. We will be. It’s hoped that the soldiers will like your boots and don’t carry them to the bazaar and sell them. Yesterday I showed your model in the military council by our generals - in terms of appearance, we really liked everything. At a small party, we will send an offer to breeders, making a pass to their factory. "I thanked them, bowed. The Chief Quartermaster put up a hand, saying:" Good afternoon. God grant that the experiment be successful. ". The next day, signing in the district. Indentantmone_______969_______of minorities, strictly observing the smallest details of the description. Ready-made boots began to come out fully compliant with all the details of the description and all the condition, so that with all desire, no one could have quarreled. At first, we really didn’t like it if the strict demands of Colonel Alexeyev and the smallest workers were lost, but we soon became convinced that all this served only to the benefit of the common cause.Work with strict requirements and you will be carefulfull, as well as the goods were the whole viewѣ BE BE cut out,. then there was nothing to reject you ready boots. But the regiments, Nick Alekseyev did not have to finish the deal. Successfulto take ready boots only the first exits - 2 or 3 thousand pairs of bootsѣ. I received an order from the Main Commandant's Office — not to slowly enter II Petersburg at the request of the Senatorial Revolution in connection with his service in the 14th Moscow 1st military commander’s office. vom warehouseѣ. On the occasion of St. Petersburg, Colonel Alekseyev was arrested and poisoned in the Il-Peter and Paul Fortress, and then he was re-sent to Moscow and tried in Moscow along with other Quartermates for the previous decade, which was covered by a revision. All of them were sentenced to prison terms and deprived of all official rank and order. I never saw more: Colonel Alexiev.1After the departure of the factory CE of the quartermaster regiment of the regiment of nick Aleksѣev, the construction of boots at our factory was completed. I had a hangover immediately in Petersburg. to the Chief Quartermaster - ask for the appointment of another employer. Yaeyev V. Main Quartermaster, filed a note that I want to speak with a detached person about the supply of boots made in_______970_______Vyatka, in our factories, "F.T. Vakhrushev c-I". To leave a new chief of department, Colonel. Aki kaov and declares that they are now the head of the department of the glanders of Ozhnago. I explained that at our factory urgently recall the winners, Colonel Alek Sѣevѣ, and since the boots were sewn, according to the conditions, the vari must be branded and looked at, then everything without the winners stopped. I urgently asked the Chief Quartermaster to appoint a new assignee as soon as possible, and if you want to get a new one today, then I wanted to ask the chief of the department to ask the Chief Quartermaster for me to turn up today, Colonel Akimov, I’ve answered: "The headmaster, a former member of Peter Burgak’s successive commission, I will offer him and if they agree, we will send him today." To throw in five Bil to walk in the middle of two and introduce me: "Kali ytan Hudozhi - catch, and this is the breeder Vakhrushev, talk." The regiments themselves nick Akimov went in the office to the Chief Quartermaster. "api tan, Y. N. Khudozhilov asked me when to go by train to Vyatka and how long to go to Vyatka, and how to get into the village of Va Khrushevo. I could say that I had to leave at 9 o’clock in the evening, until Vyatka 1/2 days, and I’ll wire it to the village of Ot Vyatka on the horses. I’ll wire it. The head of the department, Colonel Akimov. Leaving the office of the Chief Intendant, addresses Captain Khudozhylov: and therefore I advise you, do not go home now, cope with howl your home and collect what you need on the road, and at about three o’clock after breakfast, go in, take a trip to_______971_______comments and appropriations for travel. Now I will order everything to be prepared, and the Chief, the Quartermaster would be satisfied that today you will leave, yes, probably, and the breeder will be satisfied, otherwise they will be crying that the factory has stopped. "I promised to go by train to the train station and give a detailed information about how to get from Vyatka to the village. I got the telegram home so that a horse would be sent to the train station for a certain day and hour, and the clerk Kolbin would catch a train, and he showed him captain Khudokh in the 2nd class and showed him crew E. Escort Khudozhilov, I’m on Petrograd was not far away for its business.Having returned home from Petrograd, I see that things were going in full swing, and I began to move quickly - all the ready-made boots were sent to Petersburg. Before finishing this trial part, I went to St. Petersburg. To find out that the Tender is to be sent to our guaranteed stocks and that it is impossible to take delivery of boots again. Appearing to V. Main Intent, I was seen by the head of the detachment and said: "Your test boots were handed out to the troops in St. Petersburg and the first review from all parts of the howl was very good, all the boots are free. If you want, the Chief Quartermaster ordered Ram to live sewing the boots that you took to trade in cuts. Commodities, with an increase in the cost of stocking and stock, all change to sewn boots. " I said that I’m happy, but on ordinary terms, like all contractors, but without a guarantee. The chief of the department said: "} {of course, on general terms. We were all surprised at how you risked the first part * to take such responsibility. The Chief Quartermaster ordered him to be informed every month about your sneakers feedback from_______972_______ all the current military units, but so far the reviews are good; what will be six months - we will see. For the sixth month you call me to the Petersburg District Quartermaster. The head of the department, Preobrazhensky, says: “Your original contract with the guarantor came from one of the grenadier regiments that several boots fell apart before the deadline, and therefore the Chief Quartermaster ordered that the district Quartermaster urgently need to You’re in St. Petersburg, then I’ll investigate to call Vasya. Now go with my one hundred forefather Gerasimov’s regiment, sort it out yourself and in the porridge that you made your guarantee, we’ll phone there to collect and regiment commissions. " I went to the regiment with a hundred leaders; The PE stationery is already waiting for us to be in command for the next economic unit of the lieutenant colonel and two captains. Now they demanded that the soldier, whose boots fell apart. The soldiers came and brought boots in their hands thinner, filed commissions in the amount of four pairs. With the boots, I declare that this is a product burned near a cast iron stove or on ribbed batteries, therefore it falls apart - Otloi, as many as you like. The soldiers admitted that, indeed, they had greatly wet their boots and put them on the ba at nightdry the tarei, eat them in the morning - the boots are still wrinkled and the skin breaks. The stolonachalnikѣ turned to the commission: "See, faultthere’s a breeder, but once you have informed the Chief Quartermaster, you’ll need to find some way out, so that the sheep are full and the wolves are full: I turn to the commission: “If you want, I will replace these 4 pairs with new ones, but register, that the salogs came into disrepair not because of the quality of the goods, but by chance the soy of his wife during drying, but not_______973_______take care of the soldier. ”The commission agreed and suggested that the regiment should be put into the cashier’s office, when it was stated that I donated a hundred blays to repair the soldiers burned by inappropriateness, and they sent the conclusion and report to the Quartermaster, which, although established, that the damage to the boots was not my fault, but I kindly went on my own to meet the interests of the regiment and contributed to the fund: a repair shop, one hundred rubles. I immediately wrote a statement saying that it would have ended up being 100 rubles.Arrange a new sewing contract for 85,000 pairs of boots from the goods taken by our company to trade, we secured at the rate of sanogo for the entire annual productivity of our factory. A week later, before leaving home, I was summoned to the Main Quartermaster. Head of Division, Colonel Aki - MOEL declare: * * An additional 80,000 pairs of boots are required for the Tenant. Would you like to take on the medium-complex price, how these bargains were handed out, also these 80,000 ARs. The chief Intent dantel ordered you to offer, and if you refuse, we will order this batch of boots for testing in Warsaw, to the workshop of the house of labor “I unscrewed:“ We have enough of the quantity we have taken, I have to refuse your offer. ”But it was Already in 1908, and until now, the Chief Quartermaster of Kaliningrad left the headquarters, his assistant, General Major Hubert, temporarily acted as the Chief Quartermaster, and then was appointed. Chief E Quartermaster General Lieutenant Bluvaevt.I return to the Zemstvo activity in 1907. In Slobodsky uzd zemstvo, there was an excitement before the publisher of the zemstvo council that the Zemstvo school had so far been marked free of charge in the house of Ilya T. Vakhrushev:_______974_______but he provided without any obligation temporarily until he needed. For the death of Elijah Tim. Vakhrusheva, one of his sons warned me not specifically that it might be necessary for one of his sons Ilya t. Although this is still not completely resolved, he advised to take care of the Zemstvo in advance, to prepare where to transfer the school when it is officially refused to enter this apartmentѣ. It has been brought to the attention of the management that it was found out that it is impossible to hire a school to support the village of Vakhrushiev. To receive free-of-charge for now, too, as if there were no suitable free prices from any of them. Change the breeder. ІBefore the Zemstvo, there is a question: either transfer the school from village to the nearest village, or you build a school in the village of Voznesensko-Vakhrushev. at the expense of the zemstvo and so that it would be special forever and be a zemstvo school. Moreover, I also have private information that in case of construction of a zemstvo a permanent school, it is possible for the Vakhrushev plant to accept partial participation in this building as a donation. But again the difficulty will be encountered in the process. shadows of the earth under the school. For the breeders of Vakhrush you yourself need land to build your own buildings and to buy land yourself, I touch the village, from the villages of the past - Rusanovs and Naromovs. The zemstvo will also have to try to buy land from these villages, or, in extreme cases, build a school in the alley of the provincial tract, that is, on zemstvo land. This question was referred to the commission. At the meeting, the commissions asked me to talk with the other Vakhrushev breeders how they would react to this question. I'm in the evening from Slobodsky’s pohal home. We discussed these issues with all the Vakhrushevs. All four Wahrush firms_______975_______out, i.e. bargain. house. Parfena T. Vakhrusheva n-ki, etc. F.T. Va Khrushova cth, t / d. Ivan t. Vakhrushev with ѣ s-mi, etc. Ilya Tim. Vakhrushev with me authorized me to declare that if the Sloboda Zemstvo was decided to build a permanent Zemstvo school in the village of Voznesensko-Vakhrushev, then all four firms of Vakhrushe were victims. to scoop one thousand rubles for this building, and to allocate the rest for the amount required for the construction to the zemstvo. The commission lived for the general zemstvo assembly. The last one decided: to express thanks to Vakhrushev for his willingness to donate and decided to build a school in the village of Vakhrushev, to submit the plan and the plan of the School for consideration at the next meeting and to make the corresponding amount of expenditure in the next year’s budget. The next year, although I was still a vowel, but during a recent zemstvo meeting, I was urgent in my own city, Petersburg, and the next three years I wasn’t a zemstvo vowel. In what way I had no questions about the construction of the village of Vozne Sensko-Vakhrushev Zemstvo school, and in the long run I was not interested in these issues. When Il Tim. The zemstvo school was in his house on the highway, next to society. sobriety, downstairs, and after his death was a year or two in the outbuilding of the stone at the same time. Where this school was descended I do not remember at all; It seems - Bolotovykh’s jealousy, but I’m not firmly convinced, I only remember that you’ve been out of stone with Ilyich, where there was a school the last time, already in 19II and 1912-22 there was a Quartermaster who accepted goods for factoryѣ bargaining Don Ilya Tim._______976_______Vakhrusheva S.I.The next provincial zemstvo assembly in 1907 was already under the renewed composition of the provincial zemstvo council. Members of the provincial council elected by the assembly, Naumov and Ivshin, were approved by BE, and by appointment from the government, members of the provincial council were approved by the ministry: the former assistant to the governor’s clerk, Nikolai Mikhailovich. Lopatin and engineer Alexander Artemievich. Yakovlev. / governor. Prince Gorchakov from E of the Kaluga province. The chairman of the provincial zemstvo council, appointed by the governor, was Minister Ivan Sukhov (the former Vyatka mayor / and the electors of the city of Vyatka, the monarchist, the first State Duma. When Sukhov was approved as the representative of the provincial governor he did not consist of a monarchist party and did not belong to any political party.The Zensky assembly of 1907, against the previous year, corrected by six votes, namely: two members of the provincial government appointed by the government the chairperson is also right, a total of three votes, everyone always baldotted with the right, and then the progressives were diminished by the previous composition of the council: L.V. Imash, V.K. Klyucharyov ", A. A. Bulychev and the Glazovskiy former member of the provincial government, but some of them completely left and Vyatka and left the vowels, and Yumadiev lived in Petersburg, since they were elected last year to the State Council from the Vyatka zemstvo.In my apartment, on Moskovskaya Street, in the club house, in the evenings 2-3 times a week, meetings were arranged and almost all of the more important questions were foreseen and we got to know how_______977_______. didates for all elective, paid or honorary posts elected by the provincial zemsky assembly. You mean that some of the branches of the zemstvo economy were headed by explicit or secret Socialist Revolutionaries or Social Democrats, invited by the former Board of Governors and approved by the previous Vyatka governors, those leaders, naturally, picked up their own divisions from the like-minded employees. The new composition of the council could not work with such employees, and it was not convenient to change everything coolly. Anticipating the meeting, you have official meetings of the provincial zemstvo assembly, the majority of 30 votes to 20, this session of the zemstvo assembly completely closed the statistics, the school education and the main school, make up. At the closing of the bookstore, an incident happened to me. During the opening, it turned out that the warehouse, despite the fact that they traded ten published by the provincial zemstvo sochi by Pushkin, still had a whole storeroom, more than 10,000 volumes of this publication. For the sake of this, I should refrain from closing I and selling out to the entire population. I told you that without any reason, in vain, through the world it was immediately economically imprinted, good at the expense of the Zemstvo: not a single ho zain at my own expense would risk such an overwhelming cost. They traded ten years - half did not sell. What are you going to sell for one year - you will sell for everything. Vstal Orlovsky vowel, notary A.A. Lapa Tign, ​​outraged, declared: "Shame on the Vyatka zemstvothat one._______978_______Glasnago Vakhrushev's offer: selling a popular book Pushkin’s office. ”Chairman of the meeting AA Knyazev told him:“ No, this is not an offer, but he’s asking you, whoever insists on keeping the warehouse closed for a year, hoping to sell all the rest. So he should raise questions about the method of sale that they have in mind. "These incidents were quickly suppressed, and the entire warehouse was closed, and then closed and after-school education. During the break, they all drowned in the tea room. Pyotr Aleksandrovich Alexandrov come up, take my arm and say: "What are you doing. All of you want to leave without education. Well, if the faces are unsuitable, take them away, and then shut down the whole whole New Year’s business. ”I dismiss:“ Of course, everything was left to the people left as a result of the former HE’s composition of the council, and the new composition. categorically cannot work with them - there is no other way out to close completely and dissolve all, but in a year or two you can open everything again and type your face again, go to the other direction, it’s all going to go again and the loss is big for one year for the population the governorate will not be. It can only be that you are less likely to get the Socialist Revolutionary and Social Revolutionary Council from our government. "This year, it was suggested that the Minister would make an internal case for each provincial zemstvo to send and send to St. Petersburg for 6–9 months their representative of the Committee for Economic Agriculture with a minimum of internal affairs. _______979_______ It’s a pity that he is flattered by this honor, but he doubts that it can be useful for the general public, since the man is illiterate. Consider that Ivan Al. Dryness will be more beneficial. I.A.Sugov said that he was also flattered by this honor that he nominate vowels, despite the fact that he is not a vowel, but a governor protege, but the interests of the population of the province are equally dear to him, as are all vowels. “In order to avoid breaking the vote and preventing the opposition from running their own candidate, I will be happy to support the candidacy of Dmitry Lavrentievich Gogarinov, or the one you are thinking of today. But if you finally are not willing. If you are like-minded, then I put myself at your disposal; find it expedient - choose, with gratitude I will accept the election. "They asked again. Gogarinova. He categorically refused in favor of I. A. Sukhov. The next day we approached the candidate with notes. We wrote Sukhov and Gogarinov, which were 30 notes, and progress wrote A.S. deprey sa, and some of them were P. Alexandrova. The depress turned out 20 notes, and Alexandrov even less. See that they didn’t hold their candidate and quickly exchanged opinions, they decided to hold D. D. Gogarinov, but if only not Sukho Governor’s protege. II After counting the note, assembly chairman A. A. Knyazev asked D. D. Gogarinov: “: Do you want to run for?” D. L. Gogarin once again declares: “I refuse in favor of Ivan Alex. Sukhov. ”From the side of the progressives amicable voices are heard:“ We ask, we ask Dmitriy Lavrentyev cha. ”And depress me and whisper:“ Do not refuse, I withdrew my candidacy and we will put all our 20 votes for Vasya -_______980_______• we will choose Vasya unanimously. ”D. Gogari again stood up and for the show:“ I thank you for the honor and for the offer, but for the sake of taking a step, I think it’s more suitable. Ivan Alex.Sukhov. I categorically refuse. "11 Chairman AA Knyazev addresses Sukhov: Ivan Aleksandrovich to declare that he" joins his majority in the majority of the members of the honorable governorate of the provincial assembly, asking him to Dm. Laurel. Gogarinov not refuse. But if so. Laurel. if you don’t beg, then I give myself the order of a respectable meeting. "I get up, go to the ballot box. Having counted the balls, the chairman declares:" Ivan Al. Sukhov was elected to the economic committee with 21 internal candidates for the 30th ball. 20 ". The Chairperson addresses the following seniority of the notes:" Alexander Sergeyevich Depres, you want to run. A.S. The race was refused, and also Aleksandrov and all the others, having several notes, refused. General Ivan Stepanovich Teplov approached and said: “It’s great angry that we had a governor’s protege, I wanted to bring down our Gogarinov, but Gogarin turned out to be great, did not succumb to temptation.”The next election was an honorary free position: a member of the provincial zemstvo presence of choice from the provinces of the skag zemstvo. My candidacy was nominated on the eve of the year, and just three years ago, the zemstvo’s father, Vladimir Kirillovich, was in high school. Without filing, they filled in a juice from someone who vowed to call my family name. Glazovskiy vowel Alexander Afa nasyevich Fool explain that a person who has the right to official production should be elected to this position. Ivan Styopa_______981_______the newcomer Teplov speaks to me and say: “Fool doubts whether you have finished the curriculum of the city school.” I quietly distract Teplov that he finished and that A. A. Knyazev is well-known. Assembly Chairman A. Knyazev, turning to Durakov, rejected that they knew this, and then turned to me: “Peter Alexandrovich, you want to run.” I reject: “If you want to swear, I will not refuse.” They stand for balloons. To the editor, declare: "Choose the 30th against the 20th."I have been in this position for three years and only once was in the meeting of the provincial zemstvo presence before the office of the governor Prince Gorchakov. Then, when the next governor of Illetr Konstantinovich kamyshsky was born, then when he presented to him all the officials of the provincial city of Vyatka, I would be introduced to him as a member of the provincial zemstvo presence, elected from the governorate.During the session of the same 1907, the provincial zemstvo decided to support the request of the Kazan provincial zemstvo to conduct the railway from Nizhny Novgorod to Perm, through the Vyatka province, for skin injuries. Urzhumsky. and Elabuy skomsky, choosing for this a deputation of the Oblast provincial zemstvo as individualsѣ A.S. Dep Race and S.A. Shishkova. At the same time, it was decided to support the application of the Yaransk district council for the connection of the railroad of the city of Kazan with. Vyatko through Yaransk - Kotelnich, motivating this connection of the Volga and Northern Dvina for the transmission of bread_______982_______The crop is poor in one of the outskirts, or during the war. In the last deputation, the Yaransk vowel Nikolai Pavlovich Starodumov was elected. / the former mayor of the city of Yaransk, Ivan Aleksandrovich Sukhov, the chairman of the provincial zemstvo council and myself. At first I didn’t have to go to the delegation to petition for this or that wish. dearѣ, but they began to persuade me n.p. Starodumov, go to the delegation, support the Yaran direction, at least for the sake of friendship with him. I said that I don’t know how useful this or that road is, and personally, for me, as a vow from Slobodsky, it is indifferent to me to lead this or that road, but I think it’s my personal presence that it’s not useful to bring, but only challenges loss of time and. personal expenses. N.P. Old-thinking steel to prove; "You have never participated in such motions, follow your requestTo take advantage of the occasion, LOOKING, kekyo are made "applications by ministries". Then I will introduce you to the railway engineers. perhaps, someday it’s useful, maybe in due time you will have to apply for an ocean of good roads on Sloboda, - now Vasya will have experience and connections. Is it really difficult for Vasya to go on a trip to Peterburg? Or, indeed, the time of Vam is very expensive. You now. Select our deputatsiyu. From the provincial zemstvo, register for a haircut, and when the time comes. To go, if for some reason it is impossible for you, you can then evade, don’t miss, it won’t stop, but if you are interested, you want to come with us. ”I said:“ Spend on a trip is not big, of course, it’s not me to clarify, but the time may have to be when I take it, but if conditionally, how do you_______983_______flooded - I can’t ignore it, then, perhaps, I’m not averse to these conditions: any new acquaintance is not superfluous, maybe when it comes in handy. You can invite me to the Yaran group: if I choose, I won’t refuse, I’ll go at my own expense. ”Thus, I was elected then in a petition: ironic: expensive. About this to Pavel Fed. He became more interested in me and said: "It is very good that you did not refuse, be sure to go and see if it is possible to find any way to spend the Great Vyatka branch at Slobodskaya or at least to our plants. 1 Many of his naive looks seemed ridiculous, but I did not steel himdisappoint and said nothing.Sshche during the session of the same year, a provincial zemstvo from the company there was a very major event. In Vyatskago, the governor of Prince S.D. Gorchakova, returning to the crew from the Cathedral of Dralago on Tsarsky Day after the prayer at home on Oska Street, protesting the hotel room, at the corner of Taratina shops, a bomb was thrown at the crew E, but the bomb did not explode. Cherkess the bodyguard under the prince, who was sitting on the goats next to the coachman, jumped off. Kozel, caught up with the terrorist and hit him with a dagger, a wound and a bss s. Nor. They arrested me at the lyceum and arrested the terrorist Devitskago, who was then judged by a visiting session of the Eagansk military district court, and Levitsky was sentenced to death and increased by the death penalty. The governor, having returned home, now immediately urgent telegram through Dean Istra internally, informed the sovereign of the Sovereign and the swearing about the evil purchase, which ended_______984_______safely, and that they fearlessly remain at their appointed post to serve His Majesty. This incident excited the entire Vyatka province. Provincial Zemstvo, of course, could not do this wallpaper. ty silence. In the evening. On the same day, an apartment was held in my apartment. We decided: immediately, by telephoning, to address with the vernacular address of the Tsar to the Emperor and, at the same time, bring sympathetic addresses to Prince S.D. Gorchakov. Hesitated for a long time - who to take upon themselves with the experience of addressing. The majority insisted and asked the chairman of the congress of Kalmyk, Mikhail Semenovich Dovgyallo, and they hesitated. Then I suggested: * If you want, I will ask the secretary of the Zemstvo presence Boris Ivanovich Sadovskago. Have you approved? On the morning of Sadovskіy made up both of the addresses that were reprinted. It was foreseen that tomorrow everyone would come carefully at the time of revelation, at 9 o’clock, and how the meeting would open, so that I, as the vowel of the peasants, would offer first of all an address to the Sovereign Emperor, and then to the governor, Prince S. D. Gorchakov.In the morning, we carefully appeared at 9 o’clock. Chairman A. Knyazev opened the meeting. I stood up and asked for the word, for revealing that on the occasion of the evil villain of the attempt on the leader of our province, I propose, on behalf of the provincial green gathering, to contact Him! {Imperial Majesty with the address below. Everyone stood on their feet and I read the file; unanimously thundered three "cheers." The address was unanimously unanimously accepted and the proposals before the signatory to all the members of the meeting. Then I proposed a second address to another governor of the next gubernatorial zemstvo assembly._______985_______read it. This address was a hearing collected by sitting on revenge and without a bang, but also unanimously accept the signature. They began to elect deputies to go to the address immediately to the governor. You were the first to be elected: the oldest in age - * chairman of the Kotelnicheskoe congress Ivan Stepanovich Teplovѣ; Senior Chairman of the county government, Slobodsko? Alexѣ} like laevich Shklyaev, I and another man 6 vowels from peasants. I announced a break until tomorrow, and now the deputies went to the governor. Prince Gorchakov, dressed as mun. Director, received a deputy at the top, in the big hall, I.S. Tetlo zE, as senior in age and ranks., Stepped forward, gave a brief introduction and read address, and told the prince Gorchakov. The prince thanked him heartily and shook his hand. On the next day, all this was valued in local newspapers, in editorials and in those places where the newspaper usually provided satiricals, because everything was described in detail, as when the second meeting was opened, the vowel peasant addressed the assembly leader. A. Vakhrushev with the offer, and so on. So the detailed description took half a page for two days.After a week or two after the meeting, I met in Bodskoe Uncle Ivan Om Til: Vakhrushev II. He took pity on me and kissed me and said: “Well done, nephew,) you are so distinguished that you read the feuilletons in the newspapers. He supported the reputation of the Vakhrushev family. We, almost all of us, were zemstvo vowels, but about us I didn’t write newspapers and newspapers. I really approve of your work. "Around the provinces of Skimi Zemsky gathered in the same year, a private secondary education was opened in Vyatka._______986_______ a vocational school under the name "Vyatka Commercial School". The organizer of this business was Mrs. Alafuzova, a lady who came from St. Petersburg, a lady of liberal views / but she was not even related: Nitsa Kazan leatherworkers of the Alabuzovs, but only their namesake /. She was an institution of a board of trustees, in which they participated: the senior lawyer of the city of Vyatka, Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Prozorovi, his daughter and his son-in-law, a scribe of the Tikhonin provincial zemstvo technician, Ms. DV. Gusev and the skin of the breeder. Alec Sandr Denisovich. Zone and more. The director of the school was Ivan Grigoryevich Manokhin. Since the beginning of this school, the Vyatsky school of commerce has developed a sick sympathy, especially by name, but as a result it turned out that they did not even have a commercial school program, but an ordinary secondary school, slightly expanded. During the next session of the provincial zemstvo assembly, the board of trustees of this private school applied to the provincial zemstvo assembly with a secret about subsidies for the support of teachers up to 10,000 rubles. per yearѣ. Glazovskiy vowel Alexander Afanasyevich Durakov personally appealed to me to support this petition and help the private stake get on their feet, because the trustee committee is afraid that government officials, who always do not sympathize with private schools, will oppose to granting subsidies to business and this and you, as an e-commerce, support and talk with your peasants - like-minded people. "I said:" Personally, I willingly support, give my vote for the grant, because I sympathize with the commercial in obrazovaniyu, aware of the lack of gramotnyhkommersanі - comrade. Often, even accountants with special education are difficult to find._______987_______ ty in Vyatka, at least bring from the capital, and in the commercial training of persons, I assume that accounting will be one of the obligatory subjects, and therefore this school will enjoy the sympathy of Vyatka businessmen. But as far as persuading the peasants to support the appropriation for the commercial school, I don’t take it and find it not convenient for me, because I heard that Alabuzova herself is slick !!! I have left glances and follow up. full, and these are our peasants and not to love. You’d better talk to them yourself, or exhort through someone else. ”Becherome was in the apartments of the provincial architect Ivan Apollonovich Charushin, ordered to draw and approve the stone factory factory building, two-story building, on Pyansanovskaya newly bought land on the banks of the small river Mochovitsa. They also began to praise the commercial school Alafuzova opened and ask to support the application in the provincial zemstvo for subsidies. I didn’t repeat this to A. A. Durakov, that I personally would pull up and express my gaze the time is open, but I don’t undertake to collect them for my voice, because if it turns out that this school is the nursery school of leftist politics, so as not to listen to later reproach from the same men, vowels, then Ivan Apsl Charushin and his wife began to tempt me: “We guarantee that there will be no politics there and we will send our daughter to study there, we know the director Ivan Grig., He is a wonderful, serious person, and we have a trustee committee. consist of all the well-known citizens of the city of Vyatka "I denied that I don’t need to convince me, I lie, and I’m going to give my children to study at a commercial school, if, indeed, it will be commercial_______988_______ in all respects, and I received the allocated subsidy on the provincial side not solely to depend on me, I will support it. "Indeed, the collection gave a subsidy of 5000 rubles 8. year.When Ivan Apol.Charushin talked about politics, political views and zemstvos fell, and for this last year I was voted on by members. In the 1st club. A.P. Charushin expressed his indignation over last year: 0 vote for joining the club, saying: "I’ll fix it, now I’ll conduct Vasya as a member of the Vyatka club, I will sign the guarantee for you and I’ll be sure to be elected." I said that it doesn’t interest me at all - whether I will be elected, or if I will once again vote - it does not bother me either. “I just brought you an example, that personal accounts due to party coloring are due to one activity, socio-zemstvo, to the private club community.”It's been a month. Indeed, I was secondly neglected - they rushed to the club. When I was re-voted for in Vyatka Sky Club, the Governor of the State Bank Alexander Iva Novichy was a kind of short-distance declaration of withdrawal from E Vyatskogo about the public club. We sent out invitations to Pu throughout Vyatkkommer Santam, asking them to appear in the evening at the same time as a bank for the establishment and for the enslavement of the charter of the Commercial Club. On the appointed day, about 50 people gathered, but more and more small Torovites. Among them were I and Alexander Nikolaevich Bokov. Charter vyra_______989_______almost all of Vyatka's reputable merchants and drivers were absent; were not: Laptevs, llo Skrebyshevs, Suntsovs, Ukhovs, a club and others, and also there were no all managing private. banking, because everyone was afraid of what to call backward and opening a black-hundred club, mainly with a monarchist. A.I. It’s kind of specific. But it didn’t bother Svatovidov. He did not stop in front of this demonstration, his club was done. opened it. It is possible that he would have put him on his feet, but soon he would become ill and wandered in St. Petersburg. After leaving, this club turned into an order for a club, and then closed.The next day, after the constituent assembly of the saint, I went to Boko Wash. They had guests, including Nikolai Ilavlovich Rylov, who asked me: * You were at the invitation of Svat Ovidov yesterday and did you open a commercial club. "Alexander. N. Bokov rejected:" You were and opened. But what you didn’t recognize. It was shameful to sit: only square merchants gathered, and only two of us decent were Peter. They were Aleksandrovich. ”In his interview, they laughed:“ It’s good that although you ranked yourself decent, ”Of course, they incorrectly expressed themselves, apparently, wanted to say: a hundred large ones.7:the industrialists of the breeders were only the two of us, and the restall small traders.Balloting me in the Vyatka clubѣ twice provoked yet another opposition to the Sloboda clubобод. I have been there for a long time with one hundred members, also Nikolai Ilyich. There was a Slobod club club annual meeting and the choice of foremen soon sent a ballot to my ballot. Tax inspectors of the 2nd district of Sloboda district Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Banki at Christmas_______990_______ the past was with us. I sat down on Christmas Eve parties and I was sure to come to this gathering about the power. We came to see Nikolai Ilyich, and A.A. The bank tried and in the city invited all members of the club; when the time came for the election, the brogressists separated, went into a separate room to have a meeting, and A.A. Bank suggested: “Let the progressives with the rest of the world arrange a demonstration for our II. A. Vakhrusheva, for the right conviction, voted in the Vyatka club ѣ members. But we, on the contrary, will elect him and all the right-wing elders, and all progress — the liberals — will be thrown out of antiquity. "First of all, I suggested that I and Nikolai Ilyich be the first to protest. You can begin to protest that we cannot do this, we cannot each I’m going to leave in the evenings from the village to Slobodskoy in order to watch the elders of the club on duty. AA Banks began to persuade: "Please do not protest. We only carry out, approve. All, we publish in the local newspapers list, let Vyat Ichi look. But then, after a month, we all refuse. And during the course of a month, if I have to, I’ll have to give in to Vasya myself. I had to give up. So it turned out: the whole list was elected, to the designated Bank, and after a month we all left the foremen and did not appear at the next election, yes and in general we visited clubs very rarely - 2-3 times a year.In February, the month of 1908, Nikolai Ilyich and Apollinaria Vasilievna Vakhrushevs celebrated a silver wedding in the village of Voznesensko-Vakhrushev. The springs were from Slobodsky and Vyatka and all rural relatives of the Vakhrushevs. For a reason, the heroes of the day sat at the head of the first table. I sat next to the chair. Sloboda congress Theophilus. Erofevich. Shostko, but opposite_______991_______Seat and bank manager - Alexander Ivanovich. Svtovidovid and Duka Nikolaevich Kiryanko. It's time to toast. First of all, there were toasts for the anniversary of the spouse, 25 years and their family. ІІотом. Svetovidov very beautifully said for the prosperity of trade and industry. I said the reply that trade and industry occupy a prominent place in favor of the state budget, but the key or motor heart of trade and industry is finance. If I may say so, these are two separate siblings, which we are inconceivable. I, as a representative of industry, propose a letter to representatives of financial institutions who are located here - for Alexander Ivanovich Svtovidov and Luka Nikolaevich Kiryanko. In unanimously supported this toast. A.I. Svtovidovѣ slightly corrected the possibility that industry and trade stand higher and more beneficial to the state, II.A. mistakenly, or out of modesty, considers themin one marca. Industry can exist even without financial institutions, such as banking, and banks without industry - lenniks and merchants - have nothing to do, and, in fact, banks themselves are also trading establishments. Because he is. proclamation again for trade and industry in general and in particular for all Mr. Vakhrushevs, tanneries.CHIKOVE.Soon after this jubilee A., Some kind of illness, VE Martѣ resigned and left his family in Petersburg and there E and die. Before his departure, for a month or two, many again there was an urgent need to urgently consider his friend_______992_______office and explain to him. They call the controller Petrov, offers to take into account now. The inspector Petrov addresses to me: “Could you leave it until tomorrow. After tomorrow, the accounting committee will be more convenient for you and for us to pass through the committee.” A.I.Svtovidovidi and say: “It’s shameful, it would be more convenient to make a committee tomorrow morning, but maybe Peter Aleksandrovich needs today.” I reject that, of course, it’s time to endure until tomorrow, but if, for some reason, you don’t have to meet tomorrow. to skip, then tomorrow I won’t be able to dodge - entail protesting on credit for tomorrow bills. A. I. It’s kind of saying: "Nj, we will consider 1 tomorrow." Controllers Petro V said: "Do not worry, | we will certainly take it into account tomorrow, but for us it is better to first go through the committees, and unaccounted for yesterday to give signatures, it’s even more painful that now Alexander Ivanovich is sick and will soon get into Petersburg." When the next day I reached the turn of my registry, I manage by dysal: accept for accounting, transfer it by the members of the accounting committee. The first was Trifon Vikhailovich Laptev. They are not signatories, pushed aside the following. Nikolay Iva, the newcomers Club, did not sign either - he pushed Alexander Tyakovich to Alexander Yakovlevich. Tyryshkin and Alexander Andreevichi Khlebni kov signed up, moved to the next, the last - Ivan Ignatievich Laptev. These are also not signatories, pushed back to the counter-controller. Comptroller Petrov signed and transferred to the number of registered registries. Since all signatures are not necessarily required, if only there would be at least two signatures of the members and the accounting committee, yil branch and controller. Reveal this account - the committee did not participate. After the member’s committee’s divorce, I came to the bank, as an ordinary client, to receive_______993_______- dark money bills. I file my registries. I signed up for BE money., For the exception .. I only see two signatories of the study committee at my registry, and five sign up for the rest. I quietly asked half the voice of Comptroller Petrov what this means. They took their shoulders and said that this was apparently a personal relationship, but this value did not have: 2 signatures are legal. I in the last this case told Ilavl the Fed., And he, having seen in Moscow with. Willow nom. Ignatievichem Laptev, ”he expressed to him personally. I.I. Laptev. flashed up and said: "Good bank, we have members of the committee who are telling everything to the parties" what is being sent to our bank. There were no such cases earlier in the Vyatka bank. " When a lot later Pavel F. told me to repulse I. I. Lap thesis, I said: “You shouldn’t have spoken this to Laptev, you know that it’s true that you’re pricking my eyes. But let I. I. pl. Say these words, I’m repulsive to him, that I wasn’t a BE Accounting Committee, and nobody reported that out of the 5 members, only two signed, but when I received the money after the registration, as a private client, I myself saw that my registry was signed in two, and the other five members. "Shortly before leaving for St. Petersburg, A.I. Svtovidovs deceived me to take into account for him the bill of the controller lletrov for 600 rubles. three months. I took pleasure in teaching BE Siberian Bank and transferred the money to Svitovidov. But when the time has come to redeem a bill, there are already several types of c. Petersburg die. Of course, a promissory note maker Petrov would buy a share of the past, but I knew that the bill was friendly, Svetovidov received the money for the trip. I betray to Petrov: "Do not worry, I will redeem." On the eve of the term_______994_______ redeemed, bill ripped and returned to Ilietrov.The Siberian Bank is managed by Dmitriy Stepanovich Stratovi and get sick and resign. Dom your for sale to the trustee committee of the go commercial school. Sam moved to live in the outbuilding, ki Kozmѣ Ignatievich Laptev. V. Siberian Bank at his place was entered by the manager. Alexander Markovich Olennikov, next to the bank, expanded the premises, arranged an apartment, on the side of the bank, taking all the rest from Silin but measure and transferring them to the apartment. Sometimes he would take me out of the bank to have breakfast with him at office hours. When there was an assassination attempt on Prince Gorchakov and the next day we brought the address to the Tsar and the governor, and the next day the newspapers were not printed in detail, after which I come to BE Siberian Bank the next day. They said that they controlled the apartments, where they had a guest and asked me to. I come - he and his wife sit behind a samovar ѣ sit, drink coffee and just sit there Vyat skі corrected a nickname with whom I had never been acquainted. I was dressed in peasants akom kaftanchik. The owner got up, said hello, and then I later said goodbye to the mistress. The owner will introduce me to the police officer, calling him and me by name and patronymic. The police officer sitting up gives his hand, and then say: "But the provincial vowel Vakhrushevt is your relative or namesake." And .. Olennikov, dismisses: “Yes, they themselves are both a well-known provincial vowel and our well-known merchant.” The police officer jumped to his feet: “Oh, don’t wait - they gave me a chance to meet. And I have long dreamed of meeting you. "Start shaking my hand:" Very, very nice. "And Olennikov smiles, and then she whispered a lot:" How he was bewitched. Immediately drown, he knows that you are close to the governor, and especially_______995_______after the address you proposed yesterday ". I gave Olennikov,that addressing the whole name of the entire zemstvo assembly, I am only a small unit, to which the executive role has fallen. Ah .. Olen, let’s say: "It’s important that it fell on Vasya, and not on anyone else - it also has its own significance, especially for the Chino’s understanding, and the second is important that you and the peasants Yin, and a prominent commercial: Sant, in general, all this is not useless for Vasya. "Our financial situation by the end of 1907 and in 1908 turned out to be difficult, because we built up a lot of money. on the equipment of a mechanical tanning for water and a shoe factory. In 2, we took a loss from the production of felt shoes and private leather shoes, and BE 3, in which year 1 907 in Tiflis stopped our payments to our largest buyer Grigory Grigoryevich Adelkhanov, who at that time was real debt 140,000 rubles; all of us took into account the bills, began to return as protestors, and on the 14th we had to redeem them every month, substituting at least other promissory notes. In 4, the Senatorial audit continued and the delivery of the goods went quietly. Of course, all this was partly known to the banks, and for some malicious our ill-wishers, they tried to bring the management to an increase, and they insisted that Fedorovich could not stand it - they would go bankrupt. Day one, then we ourselves didn’t know whether they were enduring or not. Frankly, if it were not for being the head of the banks, i.e. to the managerial bank. A.I. There are no species ”, which was taken to many hearts, like a father to his beloved son, then probably our firm would not be able to withstand and avoid bankruptcy at that moment. Until this year, I didn’t go to the Nizhny Novgorod Fair earlier, but before the partition, Pavel and Stepan Fedorovich went to work. AftertoR:_______996_______steel Pavel Fedorovich was the only one to go to the Nizhny Novgorod Fair from Toscva, but this time we still had private shoes, the last resale at the fair. Then Pavel O.V. Dos kanyal bivshago dovrenrenago Pogrebova - Egorova, Aleksey Aleksandrovich Usanov, and two fairs were in Nignemus Usanovyms. I realized that bill payments to the fair were ahead of us, and the goods were sent for less than what was needed for payments. Without taking into account other promissory notes, it’s not worth it: I hung around for this fair. Draft still alive in the spring of Ilavlo m. B. was sold about a squeeze to landlord Petr Georgiev, who was Baburin u. ІІpiѣhav BI fair, Pavel F. steel hurry Baburin to take wool and pay day gi. We told honey and said: "We are embarrassed by working capital, would you like to enter our factory as a companion?" For a couple of years Baburin did not refuse everything, he pulled everything, which his father advised himself to do, and so on. But then finally, refused. We went to KE If, Konstantin Ilyich Nazarov, to ask his advice and assistance on bank tellers to take into account the friendliness of promissory notes, since B.1. Nazarov was 30 all banks as a member of the accounting committee. Nazarov was obliged to speak with the governor. State Bank, fair department. When we “went with him together” to the cab, I e: told that Ilawel F. offered II.G. Baburin enter kalah in the company, the last seemed to be thought and come to us, but did not know_______997_______ there in the Vyatka relationship s. Vyatka managers. "I have explained, |which is beautiful, especially in the State 4 E and Siberia-Talking with the manager of the fair branch to the State Bank of the State Bank, Nazarov said many times that * the manager for sending Vyatka to the State Bank inquiries to the Vyatka manager, - wait 2-3 days. But to the extremes, you can enter, if you wish, to arrange an administration or to make a deal with creditors. "I told Nazarov that I really would not want to compromise the company and all of my own, with great difficulty furnished, exemplary equipped, to provide control of outsiders or their representatives of lawyers. I would like to honestly transfer everything to myself. But, actually, nothing was lost, not lived, and temporary difficulty in working capital. And on the other hand, the banks, guarding themselves, intensely carefully began to Of course, the main reason is the suspension of payments by Adelkhanov, who, apparently, has the same hitch for business, I believe that someone will help Adelkhanov there, and he will at least partially pay.It took three or four days. Nazarov, said many things: “The Vyatka is the former manager of the State Bank, the Fair Administration and I received a telegram that I arranged for Vyatka of some kind to give up all the private banks and decided to support your company and allow another 20,000 court to register in the fair ., and in Volzhsky, Sibirsky and Russo external - 10,000 rubles each, a very good manager already has a share of the Nizhny Novgorod-fair private in the banks. Take today all 4 banks of the bill and get 50,000 rubles of Kaki, is there enough:_______998_______full $ of this amount. * I rejected that there was enough to do this.The State Nizhny Novgorod Bank immediately took into account us for 20,000 rubles, the Volzhsky and Siberian banks also took into account 10,000 rubles each, and the Russian-foreign bank complained about the quality of bills, that bills were friendly, non-commodity, and rejected. But we’ll have enough of these accounts, justified all the old bills and another coupe or you are a fair part of the leather raw materials. The thing again. They were eating, sleeping on the freezing point. All hour? Other lenders and raw materials suppliersThey said that they held fast, held the Nizhny Novgorod Fair, that means, now they can resist, withstand, and even everyone has started again to freely sell raw materials to us.This incident during the Nizhny Novgorod Fair, the saved bankruptcy and dada Ot was finally torn apart by me, I attribute to the exceptionally happy occasion of my arrival at the Nizhny Novgorod Fair, which I did not lose heart to finally but | | and they took the initiative from him personally to seek the assistance of Nazarov with the help of Nazarov. Knowing the relation of the Vyatka governor personally to me, I was already glad even when I found out that send Her Vyatka request. It is skinny to say with certainty that, mainly, this time our situation is Alexander Ivanovich Svtovidov.When A .. St. I was driven away from Vyatka in 1908, I accidentally simultaneously ѣhal BE Petersburg near a wagonѣ. Having parted in Petersburgѣ to the stationѣ, from that time I never saw him again. After some time they heard that they brought him to the hospital, and after a few months in the hospital, he had already died ..On kom vyatka was appointed manager of the State -_______999_______ bank of Vladimir Vladimirovich Shchelkov, with whom I accidentally met the carriage when he and his family were in the Kal Vyatka family, and I returned home from II Petersburg and got into the same car * next to the compartment. He himself approached, askingѣ: "Do not 3yatich - you are angry." I began to ask about Vyatka once, recommending that I go to Vyatka after being appointed manager of the State Bank at the place of sick Svlovidov. I have recommended to him that I am a member of the accounting committee of the Vyatsk branch of the State Bank and my closest friend A.I. Svtovidov; together with him and Khal Ot Vyatka to Petersburg. We are fast with. IN AND. Shchelkovo and si made friends with his family. Regrettably, his wife was ill so much that she was outside the car on a stretcher and that she lay there all the way and she was accompanied by a mercenary - all the mercy of the Church of the Cross of the Cross, Kseniya Ivanovna. Vladimirovich Ivanovich Shchelkov and his two daughters together with me at my compartment always drank tea, had a snack and talked all the time. Over the course of a day and a half, I introduced Schelkov to all the Vyatka clients and all future employees and personally made a friendship, almost the same as it was with Svatovidov and this continued for five years, while V.I. Click housing in Vyatka ..Въ 1908-15. In February, a month, Kwan Fedorovich Va Khrushev submitted to our company a statement that they would like to stand out from the firm of the trading house F.T. based on the notarial agreement of the company, after 6 months from the date of application, the company is obliged to extradite the person who submitted the application in a timely manner. On_______1000_______Ivan and Vasily, our company, both are only a quarter, and three quarters of the total working capital belong to Alexander and Pavel Fedor. Bakhrushevѣ. Immovable property somehow: houses and factories were their own; and each, wanting to increase his backwater or home, took the day from the trading house to expand his buildings, and the office recorded these. we can comprehend to everyone on his account. Pavel and Alexander, setting up a shoe factory and mechanical equipment of the entire plant, naturally chose a lot of cash working capital from the company. At the same time, they encouraged the expansion of the tannery of the younger brothers Ivan and Vasily Fedorovich, because Stepan had only two floors to separate from Ivan and Vasily I’m building, cleanup and shutting it off, but after the last step, if Ivan and Vasilik were to conduct an independent case, then it would be necessary to add ash separation and rash to the cleanup. We advised Ivan and Vasily to gradually add to the cleanup another three times the long stone lump, in which to arrange an ash and cleanup. In parallel with our buildings of the shoe factory, the construction of the Ivan and Vasily factory began. In the course of two currents, the creek was completely in their possession. equipment, but only without mechanical adaptation, and all by hand, just like Stepan 2. the remaining old fathers backwater. Ivan and Vasily spent up to one hundred thousand rubles from their own units for the construction.When Ivan Fedorovich submitted his application for leaving the company, we only had to confirm the receipt of his application and to familiarize himself with the balance sheet to invite him to call the office. I had the inability to dispose of an accountantfrom . _______1001_______ to write out the theory in detail, how much we have, according to this number by var, and how many payers and, at the end, to make a conclusion - what amount will be added to this number to Ivan Fedorovich. The accountant Mikhail P. Ivanov compiled to him to reject the statement that he didn’t have a successful editorial office, approximately like this: “Having received your statement today about leaving the company of the trading house F.T. there are six hundred thousand rubles and goods and six thousand rubles, of which a quarter is accounted for by Ivan and Vasiliy, one hundred and five ten thousand rubles. " Then the leaves are turned over and the length is written: "On this date, the debt of the company is three hundred thousand of which falls on your share of payments of 75,000 rubles and, moreover, you took 53,000 in the current reporting year for construction, so this is the total number of participation in the trading house Ivan and Vasiliya equals 22,000 rubles, and personally yours, Ivan Fed. Va Khrusheva, equals eleven thousand rubles. If you want to immediately receive your share, then we are ready for you to give out 75,000 rubles worth of goods nowѣ, but at least you should 64,000 rubles owed a. Vasya payments selyam century company. " I signed this declaration and sent Ivan Fed by registered letter. Having received our letter, Ivan Fed. it was a pity to discuss the contents of the letter to Slobodskaya to the representative of yes3, Feofil Erofievich Shostko, with whom. he had already made great friends even earlier by buying. Shostko has a pedigree zemstvo pig of a piglet for a high price. Shostko, having familiarized himself with our ideas, will recommend the oval to Ivan at Fed. Cross out the entire second page of our reply, and then present this letter of ours as a matter of urgency to the clerk of the Vyatka District Court. When requested onand -_______1002_______lay down an arrest. for all the goods of the trading house “F.T. Vakhrusheva c-I”, listed under this inventory, in securing a claim due to a part to Ivan and Vasily F. Vakhrushev in the amount of one hundred and fifty thousand rubles. I dictated to Ivan F. a corresponding request and advised immediately to immediately send Vyatka personally to file this with the President of the Vyatskapo District Court.On Monday, you were Vyat kѣ for your butterflies, for two horses. After about four hours, we were going to go home, put on road coats, started to go out to the yard to have a sled and go home. Be this time to ring a phone call. It turned out that the government of the Volga-Kama Bank, the Vyatka branch, asked me to immediately come to the bank on an emergency basis. My Ken and my two children went on a pair of horses to the village, and I won the bank, tell her that in half an hour I would go out and catch up with them.small wә.the way.I come to the bank. Manager Luka Nikolayevich Kiryanko meets me in his apartment below, since the present hours at the bank are already over and the bank is closed. He asks me: * What does it mean, Now that you’re a fiancé of the court when you arrest the goods in production at the suit of Ivan Fed. Вахрушева вѣ amountѣ 150,000 p. Now many people have been informed from the District Court, and I asked our lawyer to find out in more detail what was the matter. Come on, he’s already going to himself. "Enter Vyatskiy izvestnyy lawyer Александ Aleksandr Aleksandrovich. The discourse tells us that it’s wrong,_______1003_______took into account that debts are also on this product. But the main fault of Peter Al. That it is impossible to sign such a piece of paper, so poorly edited, which can be understood inexperienced person in the book of the gallery in this way and another. There is no doubt that it is easy to prove the wrongfulness of the arrest and that such can be removed, but it will take about 8-10 days, since now the oil pan and the first court session will be at the first week of the post. I urgently need to make this request ѣ on these ѣ these days, to withdraw my arrest, I turn to A.A. To Prozorov: “You will ask Vasya, Al. Al., To speak Our name’s name, on your part, now, to call Pavel F. from Moscow. Two days later I’ll come to you together and agree on the details.” L.N. Kiryanko. saidѣ: "Our banks are interested in the integrity of the company" F.T. Vakhrusheva c-I and I support the request of Peter Al. and provide with Vasya, Al. Al., Take this matter and try to quickly carry it out. ”Vyatka came out of the bank, and went to the telegraph. He handed over a detailed urgent telegram to Moscow, Pavel Vakhrushev, urging him to immediately leave for three Vyatka days, to jointly hire a lawyer, deciding to jointly hire a lawyer I didn’t spend the night at Volzhsky Bank, I stayed to spend the night in Vyatka, having lefonized home, but many people already telephoned from the house that Ivan Fedor came to our apartment with a bailiff, and besides, you handed Apollinary Alexeyevna’s documents to the Okrug. about imposed II are a hundred dollars for goods, and securing a lawsuit against Ivan Fedorovich for 150,000 rubles. But Apollinariya Al refused to accept, saying that she didn’t have any contact whatsoever with the company: “Eat husband, he’ll soon come.” Then the bailiff wrote the corresponding declaration established by law in this case._______1004_______and stuck it. to the gateѣ of our house. I took witnesses, the master of the shoe factory Gai do and I accompanied by Ivan Fed. we went to a factory and shoe stores depicting ready-made private shoes and ready-made hollowed-out leather for winter souvenirs. While there was light on the yard, they managed to describe approximately, for 45-50 rubles, you have. The bailiff returned to Vyatka, and he refused the consent of Ivan Fed., Being afraid of the fact that during the production, the description described would spoil, so that responsibility would not fall on them.On the next day, in the Vyatka Lѣvoy newspaper ѣ Vyatskaya Rѣch, a large article was written, approximately, containing the following text: “At the suit of the trading house of F.T. Vakhrushev c, out. iz firm Ivan. Fed. Vakhrushev, who filed a lawsuit for 150,000 p., P. the permission of the chairperson of the Vyatka District Court to seize all goods in the factory, without any claim, and so on. ”Ivan Timofevich Vakhrushev in Slobodskoy on Demyank, having read this article in the newspapers, the son of Mikhail and V. and ordered immediately to ask Ivan Fed. go to Demyanka to "him in the house". 11van F. immediately went Old man, Uncle Ivan Timofyevich, threatened him with a terrible curse: “What are you doing, why should you bring such a lawsuit for 150,000 rubles and still be seized. What a fool taught you. Do you believe that you can be owed from the company such an amount. I myself have been working in the leather industry for more than 50 years, but still I can’t dream of having at least a hundred thousand for each son, and you imagined ce be rich and scandal the whole governor, I raised the noise ,_______1005_______you are destroying a company, you are killing everything, you are publishing in the newspapers, you are shaming the whole Vakhrushevskaya surname. What are you going to ignore. Of course, they are not able to give such an amount and no judgment can be awarded to you, the company will go bankrupt, go to hell with the cost of renting, all creditors and lawyers will be pulled away, you will remain nothing and you will also be poor. Please come to me today, you are all, I will die for you; that you do, in good faith, you’ll get everything in full, I’m vouching for you. ”Ivan Fed. began to make excuses:“ I play almost an insignificant role, nobody considers coming with me, I made it very confused now, look at that go bankrupt, I will stay with nothing. Many of my well-wishers advised me to protect my interests in advance, although I can take it now, and take it. ”Ivan Tim. He began to wade him even stronger:“ What do you lie to me, I know your affairs more than yours. I am a sign that you have the last of your father left when you were still a childѣ; the elder brothers did not leave you there, they grew up, learned, they brought to Dulu, they built a plant for you, worth more than one hundred thousand rubles, and even something is due to you - to finish it; what is it, who made all the money, you, or something. All the seniors did all this for themselves and for all Vasya, and for all this you will do dirty tricks and embarrass the whole name of Vakhrushevs. For this, everyone should blame you and point out to you that the young boy ruined a generic good deed, ruined everything and left himself with nothing. ”Listen to everything and without giving a definite answer, Ivan Fed. Left and sat down. consult with Nikolai Ilyich, who agreed to speak in arbitration_______1006_______his part, but only in the village of Vakhrushev, and not go to Demyanka Posovtoval, if a second arbitrator is required from his side, then invite Mikhail Ivanovich. Thus, even before our arrival from Vyatka, Ivan Fed. already prepared for the arbitration court.From Vyat ki, I telephoned in the village of Spasskoye Lesnikov. The ѣnѣ said that he would be coming out of Vyatka tomorrow. On Wednesday morning, I went to Lysnikov’s apartment in Vyatka. he wasn’t caught - he went to the railway station, since he was getting away with his wife in the mud for treatment. I immediately followed Khal to the train station, where Frolov Petrovich got caught with his wife, the doges - giving train trains. I explained to him the alleged claim about the seizure, and said that it was the advice of the manager of Volzh - a bank, the arrest was to be lifted by A.A. Say good luck, but the same bank advises to try to finish the world, as an arbitrator, and for my part I will ask Ivan Alekseyevich Saltykov and him, Frol Petrovich. F.P. Dѣsnikov, and especially his wife, began to refuse that they were already being treated and could not return from the station. I convincingly, and persistently, began to ask them to stay for a day or two, that Ekaterina Pavlovna Lisnikova wait for her Vyatka apartment, and Frol Petrovich would go with me to the village. Finally, the Lisnikovs agreed. By noon on Wednesday, you will be Vyat ku from Moscow Pavel Fed. We went with A.A. To Prozorov. Without unnecessary conversations, we did not bargain, agreed to the remuneration appointed to them of 5,000 rubles, but by paying two months. IIoruchili Prozorova_______1007_______to act immediately in court on the withdrawal and arrest, providing him with an appropriate power of attorney. From Vyatka, I telephoned the village home so that my wife would go to Slobodskaya for Ivan. Alekseyevichem Saltykov ѣ herself, or she would have sent an accountant to m. Ivanova. By Wednesday evening, we would be smiling at the Fed. and smiling F.P. Lѣsnikov went home and almost simultaneously arrived in the village of kѣ namѣ from Slobodsky I.A. Saltykov. Sent to Ivan by the Fed. a written proposal to come to us for a peaceful settlement with. Nimi calculation for the separation of the company, with the help of an arbitration court or arbitration, and invited him to bring with them two persons whom they wish. On the premise of going all the way to Demyanka to Ivan Tim., Frol II. Les Nikov refused that he needed to return to Vyatka today, and therefore Pavel. b. We supported Lѣsnikov that it’s better to take care of everything, you sat down, let Ivan F. ask Ivan Tim. drive to the village or replace it with Mikhailomi Ivanovich.Ivan Fyodorovich came to k.vav in the house with Nikolay Ilyich and Dikhail Ivanovich. Vakhrushevs. Nan accountant add books. They revealed in the main book the personal account of Ivan and Vasiliy Fed. Vakhrushevs, where it was believed that by the beginning of the current year their capital remained in firms 77,000 r. during the current year Ivanom and Vasiliyem were selected for buildings and personal expenses 53,000 p. Thus, the blue number remains. 22000 p., I.e. by III, 000 per piece. Everyone confirmed that it is impossible to argue against these numbers, because in the string book these amounts are signed and certified by all members of the company. They began to curb Ivan Fed: “On what basis are you filed a lawsuit for 150,000 rubles?” Ivan Fed. excuses that they presented only_______1008_______ our balance, from which you can understand that you are owed goods for this amount, and the president of the court has decided to seize and then dismantle the judge. “If you want to end the good without freedom, I’ll take 50,000 rubles.” Nikolai Ilyich Vakhrushev supported Ivan Fedorovich, obviously to punish me and Pavel F., but the rest were all indignant. But, not barking to put an end to the matter of speed, and not to allow the goods to be brought to trial and not to seize goods, under the list, they began to rationalize so that they would owe 22,000 rubles to Ivan and Vasily, give 30,000, and that they would sign both their final exit from the company. Ivan F. whispered to. Nicholas Ilyichem and said that he only for himself alone to conduct a conversationѣ, and Ot Vasily ѣ there is no declaration of withdrawalѣ. “Vasiliy doesn’t need much, let him stay with the companies, and I only ask for 50,000 p.” After a long conversation, Tѣs Nikov and IA Saltykov take us aside and say that nothing can be done to them, he supports him. Nikolay Il Ich, and do not advise to agree to less than forty thousand. "If you think it necessary to end nowѣ the same world, then agree to 40,000 p., Or, if you are not afraid to leave the case to court, just as well leave it, let lawyer Prozorov take action, when to remove the arrest - then otherwise we can talk: I say: "If we will give the lichen lagoine to Ivan F., now, then 20 or 30,000 rubles, but on the other hand, we’ll keep it; but the whole question is that under the company agreement we must give it to him in six months, and if we finish now lovingly, we must immediately give him 40,000 rubles with personal money, and now we have such a desire that we have nowhere to take. It turns out that, with all our desire to end the matter, we will not make peace in peace. If you, Iran:_______1009_______Alexeyevich, give us this amount for interest, is it possible that we will sing? dem on this - let our 30,000 disappear, go to him, yes rum. We were sorry to destroy, we would rather keep the money. ”Pavel: F. turned to Saltykov:“ Ivan Alekseyevich E., if you want to help us keep the money, then the only hope for Vasya is, let me borrow this amount and we will end it. now. ” After thinking about it, Ivan Alekseyevich said: “Well, if you please, just dial a shoe machine for this amount on the purchase invoice and write many security deposits, 10% per annum without delay, - you will pay back in installments, then you can.” We agreed. Now, they have written an agreement signed by all those present, in which, in Isali, it is Ivan Fed. issue a receipt saying that the final expulsion from the trading house of F.T. Vahru sheva c-I received in full, I cease my claim filed with the Vyatka District Judge and the goods seized. All goods, materials and machines in its factory building are the property of the auction house and must be released to the trading house without delay. This receipt should be transmitted through Ivan Alec. Saltykova against the receipt through Saltykova of the same personal money 40,000 r, from hand to hand with notary.On the next day we went with. I.A. Saltykovym in Vyatka to notarіusu .. Holy ceremonial. They wrote a pledge, whether they prepared a receipt from a notary public for signature to Ivan F., called him to a notary public, where he signed, and notarized his receipt. I.A. Saltykov handed Ivan F. 40,000 p., And Nam passed Ivan F.'s receipt, and we I.A. Saltykov was handed a wail. In this way. everything was done_______1010_______In the evening on Saturday, on an oil day, unexpectedly arrives to us. from the Perm province from the village of Sosnovskago, our commissioners, Dikhail Ivanovich Korelin. We have already had dinner. They invited him to dine with us, and as it was already late, then the last one, almost immediately, went to sleep, saying that we would be able to speak tomorrow, they put Karelin to sleep upstairs, together with our voyager. A.A. Usanov). Pavel F. is already unan youFriday, uhahal to Moscow.In the evening, arriving in the bedroom, M.I. Corelin takes out a newspaper from his pocket and shows A.A. To Usanov, asking Usanov: “What does this mean. Someone sent this newspaper and the article in red pencil indicates that everything was described at the trading house of F.T. Vakhru Sheva and that arrest was imposed on the suit of Ivan F. Vakhr Shev. True whether it’s this. Having received the newspaper, I was crazy, I purposely found out personally to find out what’s the matter. I have it, the company has bills of bills registered over 50,000 rubles. " A.A. Usanov began to reassure that, indeed, there was a catastrophe, but everything was broken, and he can be calm. ” “Tomorrow you will personally talk with the ownerѣ, he will explain everything.”Morning M.I. Korelin showed me the newspaper and the parcel with his address, in which the newspaper from Sloboda was sent to him. I looked at the parcel and said: “Look, write the address in the handwriting of Ivan F .: it’s probably all the time that the newspaper has this article, this article was also given to the editorial office of the newspaper to undermine our loans to banks and private lenders to kill our company, but, thank God, it's all over and friends were found - they helped. All the calculations with Ivan f.on_______1011_______"Calm down and run, still you shouldn’t do anything right now, the dates of the bills haven’t arrived and you will not come soon, but by that time everything will fall into its track and all the hype will be forgotten: M. I. Corelini calmed down and, save me a day, We left home.At the first week of the post, on Tuesday, the V. Vyatsky District Court officially, in protest of I. Prozorov, imposed a pre-arrest arrest, it was canceled that Prozorov was immediately informed to all banks and, at the same time, it was reported that everything was amiably finished by the company Ivan Fed. finally and completely highlighted.For three, we sent workers to transfer Ivan Fed from the factory. Our backyard sawing machine, but Ivan F. decided not to give this machine and drove out our sent workers. We, through Rechler, a regional district court member, called out the Slobodsky bailiff so that he could take everything from the factory of Ivan Fed., Which, according to the contract, belong to our company. Bail prіkhal at 8 o’clock. in the morning. Ivan F. One hour before the arrival of the workers, he was ordered to remove his workerthe cars are all in the middle, disfigure the car, but when I saw that you were bothering me and immediately went through the factory with me. Ivan Fed., -Should follow us in the backwater, being a bailiffѣ when I went to the factory, we’ll be five minutes earlier. I see that a worker took off honey caps at the machine and deployed other parts, but did not manage to hide anything. We ask the worker: “Why are you doing this. "Worker distracted:" Many Ivan Fed. It’s just a matter of unscrewing everything and bringing all the medial parts to it. ”At that time, Ivan F. arrived and said to the worker:“ Oh dear, don’t say anything, you didn’t understand me, it’s not me who told you._______1012_______Soon, go to the courtyard, there I’ve punished my horse. ”Ivan Fed. Addressed the bailiff:“ Take it, I don’t delay it, remove: everything that is yours, only soon. ”We ordered to transfer the distribution machine and all goods from this building inside the factory and storeroom. 21 A balcony was built between the factories for access to the 2nd floor from one BE building to another. This horse was broken, and the backyard of Ivan and Vasiliy Fed were fenced off from our factory by a high wooden fence.After a few months, we ourselves proposed to leave the company and Vasily Fedorovich, since he had only a small contribution to the company in money, and there was no factory to work for the company, proportional to his part of the contribution, since the back part of it was part of the company. Ivan, then there was already the uneven participation of him with us. We advised him to conduct business with. Ivan. F. Since Vasily F. has already reached utter age, we went with him to the notary Ermingeld Peter. Svntorzhetsky, taking with himself an extract from a book, certified by an accountant, from which he clearly saw the Fed due to Vasily. amount on the si number. With this amount Vasily F. freely agreed. Notary compiled the relevant act of exit Vasily F. from the company. We immediately, here E-th, through notary issued personal money due to Vasily F. suі mu and, thus, the image of om, s. Василіемъ f. Byal calculate the end. The next day, local newspapers were announced and circularly notified to all banks and institutions, which could also concern private merchants, that of this day the company F.T. Vakhrupcheva s • I consist only of brothers: Alexander Fed. Vakhrushev with his son, Peter, Alexandrovich, and Paul_______1013_______Fedorovich c. son. Alexѣem Pavlovich. Vakhrushevs. Included - shie from the company Stepan, Ivan and Vasily Fedor. The Vakhrushev nickname does not have any relation to firms;. At the end of the Provincial Assembly in 1907, at which, as mentioned above, I was elected as a delegate to solicit the passage of the railway from Kazan to Kotelnich through Yaransk, together. I.A. Sukhov. and with. N.I. Starodumovym. In addition, I. A. Sukhov was elected and should immediately leave for St. Petersburg at the Economic: 0 Economic Commission under the Ministry. Immediately, all three of us left Vyatka in [[St. Petersburg and stopped to lodge in St. Petersburg in the large Northern Hotel, on Znamenskaya Square, opposite. Nikolaevskogo station.Ivan A. Sukhov prichal in Petersburg with his wife. In the afternoon. they all went their separate ways, and the wife of I. A. Sukhov remained at home. When leaving, she told her to sit around, do not wait, and ask her to file a ticket to her room, or when she returns. Starodumov, then go to neither restaurant in the restaurant. In the evening, when we all gathered in Sukhov’s room, she and Starodumov begin to tell with a laugh: “But we sang Nick, Pavel, to have a meal. We served us an unfamiliar meal - artichokes. We both never ate “we don’t know how: to start ѣ.” They tear off their scarf from the petal, mop and spat out V. so they carried them back from the table. " Then I. A. Sukhov explained that “this is a good delicate dish, but I did not know that Nikolai Pav. Starodumov, the mayor of the city of Yaransk, often being in Petersburg”, did not know artichokesѣ._______1014_______In any case, you could ask to replace it with asparagus or cauliflower. ”Sukhov’s wife dismissed:“ We gave cabbage at home, but we refused to try what we had in the capital. ” at home. They tried, and unsuccessfully - ran into it, we don’t know how to eat it, but it was a shame to ask. Of course, we all laughed at them, but frankly, I myself hadn’t removed artichoke until that moment.Soon St. Petersburg, the other delegates and the other Vyatka delegates elected for the joint application for the railway via the southern part of the Vyatka province and through the Kazan province from Nizhny Novgorod to Yekaterinburg. By this time, they had arrived in St. Petersburg to apply for the railway from Nizhnyago to Yekaterinburg, a delegation from the Azanskoy provincial zemstvo and from the city administration of the city of Kazan, consisting of a man. of six, of which I only remembered the colonel in the rest. Georgievsky officer cross, Alexander Petrovich Syrnev; Doctors of Kazan University are the same member of the third State Duma - Ivan Vasilyevich Godnev and a member of the State Council, by name, it seems Trubniko va / but it is possible that I definitely did not remember the surname /. I do not remember the surname of the rest. Beginning between the Vyatka and Kazan delegations, ambassadors, councils, exchanges of opinions and drafting memoranda notes to the ministers, outlining the motives for the petitions. For a conversation with I.A. The Godnevs had to go to the State Duma, to the Tauride Palace, you were in the side entrance, where the opportunity was given to private individuals to call members of the Duma. We called Professor I.V. Godneva. It wasn’t familiar with him, everyone met, agreed that_______1015_______he proceeds with a long day and often with all the ministers to which he must go, and A.L. Syrnev and S.A. Shishkov undertook to draw up a memorandum to each minister on the southern direction of Nizhny-Yekaterinburg, and A.P. Syrneva, in the direction of the direction of the memorandum undertook to prepare I.A. Sukhov and n.p. Think old, and I. A. Sukhov took it upon himself to report. I, of course, only walked, watched, and didn’t show any active involvement in this. I only attended the delegations for the account. We used Professor Valdnyev’s acquaintance with I.V. 30 and we asked him to get it for I got entrance tickets to the ambassadors of the State Duma, to the place for the public to a few ambassadors on my free days, for all who wish. IV Rodnev willingly did this and I was the first time I was in the Duma, which for me It’s very interesting. ”And for the last few weeks, while the petitions and preparations went I handed over the memorandum two times to the Duma. I heard the pleadings of deputies Shingarev, Archbishop Evlogi and others, but I never heard or did not get to the Duma during the retirement of the first Purishkevich, newspapers, especially in. "New. I’d really like to listen to it personally. Also, I have repeatedly heard the words of Finance Minister Vladimir Nikolayevich Kokovtsev in Duma, but I have never heard personally BE Duma of the premiere of Minister Pyotr Arkadyevich Stolypin, who I read with great pleasure in Novy. Time ", and heѣmnѣ very like it. I had a lot of desire_______1016_______this connector, no later, never had to get into the Duma during the speech II.A. Stolypin.fromWhile drafting memos, N.P. Starodumov:. I kept my word: he introduced me to the railway engineers, the old man, Fedor Efimovich. Estnikovs. : You are with Starodumov. We went to his apartment. This engineer was mainly engaged in private affairs, providing private accounts for hiring road and road assistance and helping to make requests for similar railways, making up memoranda for the ministry and assistance. the minister has received an audit if the delegation has more strong protections. N.I. Starodumovs recommended me to clarify that I was the number of delegates. The Vyatka provincial zemstvo’s support a certain application, to which he does not even have a personal interest. But the direct purpose of the trip is to familiarize yourself with how the petitions are being conducted in general, and you in particular should get to know them as a competent person, who would have the opportunity to ask for such a thing if you had to build a railway. branch from the city of Vyat ki to the neighboring city of Slobodsky, F.E. Lѣstnikovѣ thanks N.P. At any time, Starodumov was advised to give all his advice and assistance to us at our disposal. It was explained that each application first of all begins with a survey of the path to the place by an experienced engineer, and for greater security even with the removal of the designed branch for the plan with full leveling. We asked Lustnikov what it would cost us to do such a preliminary search for a distance of about 30 versts. Engineers Lѣst -_______1017_______Nikov declared that in gross figures one should count from 1,500 to 2,000 p. and about a month of work with two students, students, railway students. We thanked the engineer F.E. Tstikova, having taken the address from him, and I will give him my address for further correspondence, communicate to keep him up to date if: we decide to make at least a draft of excellence. This was our first step towards the device of the railway line Ot Vyatka KE Slobodsky.three days after my arrival in St. Petersburg, I left at the factory Pavel Fedorovich at the time of my absence on the request of the railway station, unexpectedly to many Northern Hotel in St. Petersburg. I ordered to serve morning tea. Pavel Fed. lock the numbers with the key, it shows a lot of the received message from my departure to the name of the house, F.T. Vakhrushev's house, the c-th letter from Kyiv, addressed to our village, with the offer we put in our capital up to half a million rubles, but under strict my secret, without publicity and for cheap interest. So if you want to place a person who holds a high spiritual position or take off your post, then while this is kept secret and there will be no written correspondence, and if we agree in principle, we must go to Kiev, to stay in such a stinnitsa, where to us tsya first posrednik ot that person to finalize dѣlo and immediately bӯdet us lying. The proposed amount. “Until you try to find out from whom this offer comes to you, because you don’t know anything and will only ruin the business, and knowing your business offering money is good and it’s your choice to choose Vasya. Therefore, it will depend entirely on Vasya . If you_______1018_______ agree to immediately go in person, then briefly wire those when you will be in Kyiv at the address indicated by me. If within 15 days you don’t get your answer, then we will. consider that for you the proposal is not acceptable and we will offer another company3. Address the telegram to Kyiv Podil on demand, to Loskutov. "After reading this letter, I said:" Something is very fantastic, did anyone play a trick, counting on naivety. Why did you turn him off, or didn’t turn anything off. "Pavel F. showed a copy of the telegram, he did it; what you get to and will be in Kiev at the specified address in a week. I said that late to Kiev - spend it empty and take a little time, but it seems that you don’t fall into the trap or a cruel joke for a laugh. In my opinion, this is someone from our brat Vyatsky breeder who made a joke, send a prepared letter from Moscow, so that any fellow traveler would correct him from E Kyiv. across. 14 well, see your son and kena - talk to him and, and if you finally decide to go, then go together with you together, and not alone, as you ask in the letter, and once again wire out of it. Moscow, ask to give you Moscow that you want to stay 10 days late and the son of an om or a trusted son. Then, although you believe that someone is really sending in Kiev, you sent a letter to you and receive your telegrams, or it may turn out that the message was sent through E-mail from Kiev, and your unwanted telegrams are in_______1019_______whether there is a suggestion, and unchecked to wave his hand - consider it wrong. On the same day, Pavel F. died. But. squaw. There he was finally appeased by his son and wife that this was either a wicked joke of our own Ilyichs, or perhaps a trap of some sort of fraudulent organization. The sons told him a few examples from the book, a novel and the way how scammers lure trusting people with various high-ranking persons into a trap where to wrap him clean and kill or demand a ransom. Pavel F. finally froze and did not go to Kyiv. Whether they telegraphed again to Kyiv at the address indicated from Kiev for the pro, as I told him to, or simply didn’t immediately go to a saw, so many times they didn’t write this and didn’t even personally speak. Even when I asked, so they hand offI asked, I asked you not to remember this,With petitions for the Kazan and Nizhny Novgorod Yekaterinburg roads, we went to deputies as ministers: through communication, trade and industry, agriculture and finance. All ministers left a memorandum and briefly put in words about what the memorandum was stated about. Due to the fact that there was a member of the State Council and one member of the State Duma in our deputies, our deputies took over almost all the ministers without delay, first of all. It was a long time, but when we arrived at the appointed hour, if the minister already had a delegation ahead of us, we had to wait until you left. Sometimes the expectations lasted about an hour. A.P. Syrnev. Minister listen, ask to leave a memorandum, generalizes_______1020_______ Opportunities to support: submit an application. Then reports. I.A.Sukhovi and him the same answer. At that time, I liked most of all: and to take away from the Minister of Finance, then still relatively young Vladimirov Nikolayevich Kokovtsev. Syrnev reported to him in more detail on this I paid attention to. when A.P. Syrnev kon - chil, then I.A. Sukhov stated that he, along with part of the vowels of the Vyatka provincial zemstvo, joins everything stated by the speaker of the Zemstvo zemstvo and supports this petition under the authority of the Vyatka provincial zemstvo, but at the same time solicits the behalf of the Vyatka provincial government. with the Northern Dvina, which is very important for the movement of bread cargo during the summer hours in part of Russia or at the time. me war. MinisterFinansov Kokovtsev silently listened to both speakers for 40-50 minutes, then declared that he would have been a bad minister if he had not sympathized with the development of roads in Russia .. "But now, after the Japanese war, you know, the financial position of Russia. Then Hundreds of millions of dollars. If you are interested in, there is a request for new railways. In the first phase, construction will be satisfied with moreMore okah: it has become indispensable in economic and strategic relations. Of course, it’s not difficult for the Minister of Finance to find another 5-1 () million rubles on your way, if you prove that the railway you are taking is in progress. the most necessary both in strategic terms and economically. I suggest that you yourself will not. Those to assert this, and therefore I do not want to reassure Vasya for the speedy satisfaction of your application. But leave the memorandum - I will consider and appreciate my support. "When._______1021_______we came out of Kokovtsev’s family, I told Sukhov and Starod mov that I liked this minister a lot, because I said spontaneously that you shouldn’t hope for a quick success. Suҳov said many that all the same, all the ministries will remain and when it’s time to get in line, perhaps the same easy roads will come true.In the autumn of 1906, at the end of October, I was with Ivan. Alekseyevicheva Saltykov went to Siberia, having agreed to go together to Irkutsk, I was buying raw skin and he was buying raw protein, and I got acquainted with raw materials on the site of Siberia. When this is coming from the city of Vyatka, to the railway station. met with Ivan Petrovich. Dolgushin, who’s ѣhal ѣ, is the same day in the Iladrinsky region of the Skoy province, tone for buying raw materials. Before Yekaterinburg, all three of us drove in one: a compartment of a 2nd-class carriage. Yekaterinburgѣ I. 11. Dolgushin along Khal to Kamyshlov-Shadrinsk, and we CE I.A.Saltykovym went to Chelyabinsk-Petropavlovsk. By Petropavlovskѣ we both stayed New in the houseѣ Husain Ab. Fomeneva. In the evening we all, CE, the Saltykovs and Tyumenevs went to Vl. Ser.Hilin for a visit to visit, and the next day, I.A. Saltykov ѣ uhal alone in Irkutsk remained in Petropavlovsk Akmola region. I livedVE Petropavlovskѣ days 10 or 15. I bought raw materials and went home. I went to Irkutsk, where we conspired to meet with SI. A. Saltykov, but I received a telegram from E tіskvі that in the village of stone, on the banks of the river Ob, Andrian Ilyich Vinokuroz offersOur company, through Ivan Alekseyevich Kazenin, is 5,000, which must be inspected. I stopped at the station Novo-Nikolaevsk, and from there on horses went to the village of Kamen,_______1022_______,150 versts. Inspecting the raw materials, bought the whole lot, accepted, on horseback and sent to the station Ob, loaded the wagons w /. send goods to you Vyatka. I went on to Grkutsk. When I arrived in Irkutsk, I stayed in the same hotel, where I.A. Saltykov. Here he introduced me to. 14krutsk and Yenisei raw materials, Gromov, Borodkin and others. but there was nothing to buy from them now; there was no tanning raw material. was, and Saltykov. I bought them protein. But for me this acquaintance through Saltykov was useful because they were members. nali and accounting committees. State Bank in Irkutsk and Yeniseisk. Knowing personally about the company, from the side of a good recommendation, they were already on the spot, meeting taking into account our bills in banks, they boldly signed the register, recalling that this company was once recommended by my good friend. Saltykov, which is very important for the company's reputation.The numbers on December 10, 1A were you going to drive home from Irkutsk? at. Vyatka, so that on Christmas holidays to come home.the railway - the Great Siberian path - pass along the left bank of the Angara river, and the city of Irkutsk is located on the right bank of the Angara river. The postal and passenger later go to. 8 hours in the morning. We have lied all the luggage for evenings; I went to the famous Bi. vmashazin ki son-in-law D.P. Lyapunov from Tomsk, to Konstantin Zakharovich and Yuliya !! and - hailovnѣ, said goodbye to them; c) 6 o’clock in the morning we went to the wok hall. Across the Angara, build a dash bridge, on which everything is open, and ahead we rode along the same bridge from the station. Climb at 6 1/2 hours. in the morning, I can hardly get light.onexay _______1023_______It turned out - the breeding bridge is being disassembled; start to freeze the river, ice sets in, but the Angara river is very fast and the ice on it always gets up very late, in the middle of December and when it is frosty it is 35-40 degrees. We should have returned to Stinnitsa, waited 1-2 days and quietly passed through the ice without. any risk, and to send home a telegram that remained in “ir kut” for another two days. But we see that more passengers came up to the bridge, $ 8 loss for the 8-day train. train station. Private carriers - boaters - to offer them and us to transport everything in large boats and to take their luggage and take it urgently to the train. We agree that all luggage is transferred by the carriers, they carry luggage to the boats, rising half a hundred along the coast above the bridge, counting the flow of rivers. You all go. for carriers. They planted a full large boat, men 25-30. Along the river, small ice floes are already swimming densely, or they know fat. Carriers. Three or four pairs of rowers and one steering wheel, joined in rowing work together, and quickly approached the opposite bank, but could not climb fathoms 3-4, the boat quickly carried down the stream for four sands, there were coasts, and the depth was terrible. Along the shore walk the public and railway. work to work. We shout to them: “Help me dock, pull the boat by the canal to the shore, but no one pays attention to us, and the boat is already quickly carried to the pile of the dismantled bridge, if you hit the pile from the entire course, then take the boat apart, turn the wood chips and we all then go down to the bottom. If there is darkness and fog in the freezing river, no one can even see that 40-50 people have sunk and didn’t know where to look. Ky_______1024_______•3 kueveryone gasped, frightened, and Ivan Al Saltykov shouted: * guard, help, tonen. "He was sitting near the stern, the first was the helmsman, and I was the second after him. The helmsman snatched the oar out of the water, swung at Saltykov and shouted:" Shut up, otherwise I’ll take you down. ”I. A. Saltyko went down to the bottom of the boat and fell silent. During this time, the helmsman managed to direct the boat between the piles of the bridge and the boat was thrust and, at half a half, he dragged it off the coast along the Angara River. Finally, the carriers managed to contrive and docked from the shore. All of us jumped to the shore. I. A. Saltykovѣ threw the house and all his baggage, run away ”, I drove all ahead to the wok hall in one of my own: a light coat. I asked the carriers to take all my luggage and his baggage, I brought everything to the station, so that all the carriers delivered it to the other passengers. After reading with the carriers, I I ask 1. A. Saltykova: “Why do you take such frosts at risk, have a good time in a light coat, you can catch a cold.” They dismiss: “What a hell, yes, I have a shirt of cheese and sweat, tell me ugly me more I got a little bite, as soon as I managed to get to the station. " But nevertheless, we slept ki by train and safely departed from 11kutsk.In Krasnoyarsk, our compartment has two respectable gentlemen and three ladies, all from 25 to 35. We met. They called themselves commercial voyagers. We drank tea, agreed to play cards, and prefered. About two hours later, having finished, I suggested they play BE shtos or you’ll play a little. I refused that I never play the game of pregterance and screw in any kind of gambling game, and I don’t even know how. Ivan Alek Sevich persuaded me a little too: "Let's play for a little half an hour." I categorically refused and climbed on_______1025_______the top 100 little piece, I took the book, I lie, cheat. And they went to play. from time to time I look at them from above. І It took half an hour or more. I. A. Saltykov "lost a hundred rubles, addresses to me:" Yes, I borrow a hundred rubles. " I give it to him. Another half an hour passed, he and those lost, to ask me: "Give me energy." I tell him that I have more than a little thing left, only a trifle remains, 20 rubles for the expenses of BE roads, which I can’t give to him, and myself on top of this si regiment Migay. He went into the restroom, wanted to get another hundred from an hidden pocket, and I jumped up from the top shelf, caught up with him in the corridor and said: “Drop it, don’t play, - It’s, apparently, the professionals - coolers, they’re playing at the same time and just beating you " He quickly agreed that he himself seemed to be so, and tired, I want to sleep, I won’t be anymore. Having returned the letter to the compartment, I put two more rubles 10 times, I also played and finished. After all, this whole 11th day, reaching the city of Achinsk, remained here from our train and remained, and all the good things left, we received further two days before Christmas, i.e. December 23rd arrived home.In the spring of 1907, in Vyatka, Pavel Petrovichi Club was built to the metro station Trudolyubiya and with it the church. At the consecration of the church and Don Trudolyubiya, at the invitation of P.P. Club of the University, Protopriest from Kronstadt Protopriest Father Ioann Kronstadtskifi. It turns out that the construction of the II.II. Yelabukov this way was the Doklady Trudolyya report on the advice of his father, Ioann Kronstadskago. A mass of people gathered at the consecration of the temple, all of Vyatka and the nearest bridles, so that all the nearest streets wereare crowded with people, I couldn’t get to either the temple or the temple_______1026_______during the consecration. And Fedor Iv.Koy blue, my friend, and from all over serve the provincial zemstvo, just as it was at that time in. Vyatka at an emergency provincial zemsky meeting - he managed to squeeze into the church during the blessing of the Holy Cross and accidentally turned up a stroller when his father, John of Kronstadt, Paul [Petrovich. Elabukovs were driven out of the house of Trudolyubiya on the Elabukovskih horses, went to the house. Kl b ukova on obd after the consecration of the temple. Then the photographers shot them on the cards and Koy Sin turned out to take a photograph next to the stroller, in which father John Kronshtadtsky and P.I. sit. Cupcake. On the last post I received this photograph.Two days later, at the invitation of our village, churchwarden Nikolai Ilyich Vakhrushev, father John of Kronstadt on Saturday evening came to our village Voznesensko Vakhrushevo. On Sunday morning, at 6 o’clock in the morning, I served the matins, and then from 9 o’clock the liturgy was held in common and with companionship. The people gathered together from the surrounding villages and from the towns of Slobodsky and Vyatka so many that not only the whole church could not fit in, but the whole church fence, the whole church square. Doors and windows were all open: people from the street listened to a prayer - the liturgy and especially the protest of the common confession. {olyatsyesya from the street suppressed the marks in the windows, so that Father Father John read them at a midship; all who stood near the window in the church took such marks and gave the priest to the throne or to the altar and they read everything that fell into his hands. But all the time the local priest stood near the altar, made a proscomid and read all the marks and took out the small parts._______1027_______ But I was an eyewitness, because I stood in the altar: through the window in the unconventional - the tent between the altars, in the window for a few people to stick notes and money. At this time, pass through the tent of the cell-keeper of the father of Ivan Kranstadskago, Ivan Petrovѣ; 5-6 pomotki were given to him from the window; they took their money, how much kopeck, shook it off on their left hand and lowered their pocket, in front of everyone, and after leaving it threw it on the pol, they leftI said, “the guard is to pick up the floor marks and hand over the father shkѣ.” This is seen, everyone was very indignant, but did not decide to report the baht EEik, so as not to upset him while lying to God. All this day we confessed in common and confession and communicated with the father and father of John Kronshtadsk. At the same time, two more local priests in the lateral parishes priced, but most of the communion aspired to the middle parish in order to receive communion from the hand of the priest of the bestowal of John of Kronstadt. Until everyone took communion, they did not leave to eat the pulpit, all the time taking communion. He discovered: it turned out that our church had not enough chant for communion with such a huge number. I went to the church elder, donated one hundred rubles to him for the reception of a large silver bowl in memory of the father’s visit to our village. John. Kronshtadtsky, moreover, said that if this loam is not enough, then I will pay extra. or if it’s another way to take part in this cup, then I don’t interfere. The elder Nikolai Ilyich accepted with thanks a donation and my declaration to him. But whether the cup was later recalled in remembrance by the father of John of our village, I could not cope and did not helpBUT._______1028_______nude, as if I had not heard about it.After the Liturgy, Father Ioann of Kronstadt Pohal BE Dear old, to Nikolai Ilyich Vakhrushev, there was obedal and now. + rest. We were warned all that after rest, if anyone, then the priest come to all at home to celebrate prayers. We invited and waited until five o'clock in the evening. We had guests, specially invited to pray for the service and prayers for the father. John. Kronstadt; including guests was from Slobodsky s. Demyanka was the mother of Mikhail and Rafail, Vasilievich Makhnev, who had never been to Slobodsky and Demyan to anyone, even if anyone had visited her sons. came, so she didn’t go out to the guests, she sat in the attic alone; but for the sake of the father of John of Kronstadt she came to us from 6 o’clock in the morning, confessed and communed, and when she found out that the priest would go home and would have private prayers, she came to us and asked her for prayer and to pray with us house at the prayer and submit your mark ku. We said that you won’t have anything against it if the b-girl agrees to serve by serving the liturgical prayer for all. She stayed with us, had dinner and drank tea, and when she was first to our father and served a prayer service, she gave her little mark and up to a dozen little letters, all the father read and everyone was very happy. II At the end of the service, they began to approach the cross. The first came my wife Apollinarіya Alekseevna and brought with me 9 people of children, from. І-year to 17 years_______1029_______ according to Your lie, "patted her on the shoulder and stroked her head. Obhav all the rest of the houses of the village of Vakhrusheva, father Ioann Kron stadtskij on three horses of the churchwarden, we went to bed in the evening Vyatka, and the elder Nikolai Ilyozh to do this the crew, standing on its feet on the wings of the crew, without a hat and a single MI jacket. Everyone thought that he should spend a mile and a half verst and come home, but he was still dead, standing on the wing, up to Vyatka, to the station, and put right into the first-class carriage of the postal and passenger train going . I8 Perm to St. Petersburg - St. Petersburg.On Monday, many had to go on their own banking. dѣlam ѣ Vyatka, and therefore we decided to make it Sunday evening, following our father. The Ioann Kronstadtsky all the way to Vyatka we went together with them, that is, there were three of us, we went with my wife to our troika and drove to the station.yearsіIn the spring, shortly before the arrival of Father John of Kronstadtskago, our daughter, the eldest Eugenia, completed the first class at the Vyatka gymnasium and received a medal.Our old children were friends with the children of Slobodsky police, Zoe and Sergei Dumarevsky, as well as the seven secretaries of the Sloboda district council of the Smolins. Often you were guests alone with others, went to picnics and together during the holidays went to Sloboda club to dance evenings. Summer our girls Yenya 17 lit. and Lelya 14 1/2 lit came in summer club in light of little summer dresses and pink jockey kelkakh - uzikakh silk cards. Everyone paid special attention to the news - the original summer ladies headdress -2_______1030_______a hat. After a week or two, all the young ladies in Slobodskoy turned out to be in such jockey caps - Uzikakh cards. After leaving Vyatka father John Kronshtadtskago, my wife with her elder daughters, Zhenya and Ledey, went to the city of Cummus. Petropavlovsk, Akmola region, by the way, and staying there with Anna Alexandrovna and Vladimirov Sergeyevich Zhilinykh, but stopped to stay in the city of Petropavlovsk, at home at Khusain Ab. Tyumenev in the outbuilding, that is, in that apartment, where I stayed every year when prіzzzhal вѣ Petropavlovsk for raw materials. My sister Anna Al. Zhilina introduced my family, i.e. Apollinary Alexeyevna and daughters with the Butorins ’family - Petro Pavlovsky merchant, honorary citizen, homeowner. Their family consisted of Ivan Butorin himself, aged 75, wife Anfisa Iosifovna, aged 50 or 55, and son of Alexander Ivovich, 18 years old. They began to visit Eilinni together and go to picnics together, and then they began to get married: Alexa, Ivan. Butorin made an offer to our daughter, Evgenia Petrov n. Apollinariya Alekseyevna cabled many things about it, and everyone knew that I would be in Petropavlovsk for the purchase of raw materials, then my wife asked me if I would soon be able to resolve the question - what should I give to Butorin .. I rejected that in ten days.When I arrived in Petropavlovsk, I found out that Butorin in Petropavlovsk is a well-known and respected businessman, but already tired, the old man himself can no longer lead. For the last time, trading was conducted by his wife and young son, both inexperienced, and the means were shaken. almost net, real estate - homeІ_______1031_______and shop. This didn’t especially hit me, but it was very embarrassing that my son, i.e. the bridegroom, who has just turned 18, is not used to any business, and there is no one to teach him, his father almost never leaves the room, and his mother herself is a poor businesswoman. While the old man was doing well and had the means, she was used to living lightly, merchantly, in a full bowl. Led expenses and have been widespread lately, apart from the fact that there are almost no incomes; she also taught her son, acre that the only one son, she really lived and spoiled him. Say evenings to take a walk or take guests on a visit, and in the morning I learned to sleep until 9-10 o’clock - this has already caused great damage to the business and is considered a shame among businessmen. But Anfisa Osi Povorina Butorina herself was able to greatly attract my sister Anna Al. Zhilin and my wife and daughter, so it turned out that my daughter Zhenya was so carried away by the young groom Butorins. that it was useless to discuss that I found some flaws. In general, it ended that we agreed and communicated from Vyatka with the final answer and for the meaning of the wedding time. We agreed that they should make an official engagement and conspire with us in the village of Voznesensko-Vakhrushev, so that they should pass all butorin by a certain day, and then they should make their wedding in Petropavlovsk. To do this, we must go all the way to Petropavlovsk, to go to St. Peter and Paul’s Orthodox Cathedral, where Butorins were considered parishioners, and wedding festivities should be all. the house of the groom’s parents, according to the merchants. Butorins strongly insisted on Siberian customs обыч, and we did not consider it necessary to object to this.•_______1032_______Iz Vyatka we correspondence with. ButoThey agreed that they would go to Vyatka on the first of September, then we would arrange an official engagement and conspire, or at the end of September, at the Petropavlovsk wedding. At the beginning of September, Butorins came to us: Anfisa Iosifovna son. Alexander Iva is new, and the old man. Ivan Andreevich Butorin also went out with them to Vyatka, but he reached the city of Kurgin and returned back to Petropavlovsk - could not go further.The engagement engagement was celebrated in the village of Vakhru Shev, in our house. The guests were from Vyatka and Slobodsky and local, as well as relatives from all over the district, in total up to 150 people. Among the guests were the governors Prince Sergiy Dmi - three Evich Gorchakov and his count Graf Roshfor, vice-governors Shidlovsky with his wife and daughter 25 years old, Boris Iv. Sadovsky with his wife, and from E Slobodsky all the bureaucracy with their wives. Iz. Vyatka brought a brass band of military music that played on the upper floor and there were dances in the upper room, and played cards in the lower room and living room. The big fu popѣ was produced when they danced the Mazurka of Count Rocherof to the vice-governor’s tutelage, Mr. Shidlovskaya both grew enormously, and they danced very gracefully and easily, like real Poles did. Dinner was already 6–7 in the morning, one hundred lounges were covered in all rooms, both of them. floors. On the advice of B. and. Sadovskago, I said. / for dinner, for champagneѣ / first toast for the health of the supreme leader of the Sovereign Emperor. Music performed the hymn three times, and the audience: cheers, cheers, cheers. . .A day after the conspiracy, after conducting the Butorins in tropavlovsky, a week later we went to Petropavlovsk: I_______1033_______with his wife and daughter, and with his dad, Aleksandron Fedorovich. From Vyatka we took with us the Rukavishnikovs: Apollinariya Alek Sѣevna, Elizaveta Nikolaevna, Mikhail Alekseyevich with her daughter Nadya and Sery Alekseyevich. Of our children, we took our daughter Lelya 15 years and the son of Boris 6 years, the rest of the children - we did not carry, because they already studied at the gymnasium and the real. In Chelyabinsk there was a transplant with. Perm train to Sibirsky, had about 5 hours to sit in the car to wait for Siberian train. In Chelyabinsk prіkhal meet iz Petropavlovsk not just a bridegroom, i.e. Alexander Ivanovich Butorinѣ. While we were going to the station in Chelyabinsk, a funny incident happened with my dad. He came from the dormitory hall of the 1st class to V. the ladies' room, and there. went through the ladies' restroom. BE ladies' room there were many ladies with children. Heѣ, seeing that an old man walked into the ladies' restroom, were indignant. When the old men left the restroom, two ladies pounced on him: how dare he be outrageous, come in, man, into the ladies' restroom. They stopped him in the middle of the ladies room and gave him a reprimand. He was bewildered, saying: "I apologize, I overlooked the inscription on two ryahs, thought it was masculine." But he kept grumbling at him. The old man took up and said, “Oh, what, take it back or something,” he waved his hand and went out into the hall, and all the time he heard an explosion of friends from the loud laughter of all the ladies there.When we arrived in Petropavlovsk, we stopped to rent a room in the wing of Husain Abdulovich Tyumenev. The wedding was scheduled in a day. They finished the cathedral with a complete triumph. A festive wedding dress for the past BE homeѣ ButorinovE._______1034_______There were a lot of guests, all the local Russian merchants and local intelligentsia, officials. Dinner ended at 4-5 a.m. On the next day, from 12 noon, horses were sent for us to Tyumenev square, and they were taken away to Butorin. Going there, we see. - to rattle a music orchestra at 12 o’clock in the morning, all the guests were dancing Russian, including the old woman Butorina and the young ones, newlyweds, and scattered serpentine small pieces of paper across all the rooms. This Siberian custom for us seemed to be the habits of countries. After breakfast, all the guests, including the newlyweds, and the hostess Butorina herself, went on ten or more crews to all relatives, taking with them the orchestra. musician. Each relative drank champagne, danced and went on to the next, so they traveled all over the city, they were with everyone and, finally, having been stressed, they returned to the house again in the evening. Bu torins. According to the Siberian rules, it was believed that in the evening everyone should come to their bride's parents and have dinner and celebrate with them all night, but as with us. the apartment was almost the day of the Tatar outbuilding, no furniture, no utensils for all reasons, but apparently excluded, Butorins invited all to themselves and celebrated unity all night. According to Siberian customs. relies on relatives and acquaintances to celebrate it on. weddings, they invited young and all their relatives to all, arranging an evening with musicians and dances, starting from the next day and every 2-3 days alternately arrange all these evenings and have a rest, celebrate all one another. It lasts a month and more, but as I categorically stated that we will not stay in Petropavlovsk for a long time after the wedding, 3-4 days, no more, so we arranged the next day at our place_______1035_______Our son-in-law, Vladimir Sergeevich. Zhilin, and then a day later Grigory Ivanovich Kazantsev, uncle Alexander Iv. Butori - on. Further, we categorically refused to stay and ride in the evenings, and we were sent home to Vyatka. They had already continued this whole wedding process for several weeks in the evenings.While we were traveling to arrange a wedding in Petropavlovsk, Pavel Fedorovich, the only person from Moscow, remained at home to manage the factory’s factory; upon returning to our home, he’s worn by Moths y. I took up my business. for the management of a factory and banking operations to finance the entire business.V. Vyatka, with the departure from the monarchist party of I.A. Sukhov and for the illness of A.I. Svetovidova, the party of legal order merged with the monarchist party and all members of the latter were rewritten into the monarchist party. The honorary chairman of the monarchical party in Vyatka was elected Bishop Pavel Vyat - * sky and Glazovsky vicar /, who lived in Trifonov mo nastyr. Comrades of the Chairman: Governor Princess Anna Ev graphovna Gorchakova and a harmonious peasant merchant, Vyatka householder Sintsov. Very active members in the party were: the wife of the First Counselor of the Provincial Government, the actual statutory scapo of Counselor Spasskalo and the factory inspector Ni: Olai Yakovlevich Yezhov. Yai Frol, P. Lѣstnikovѣ, as well as A.N. Svѣ, were, of course, rewritten among the actual members of the monarchist party, although neither I, nor the flippers, nor the times were at the monarchical gatherings parties.After the death of the city head Yakov Yves. Poskrebysheva, from the elected in the city heads from the vowels no one governor !!_______1036_______Rodinsky heads are the vowel of Sintsov, illiterate, with the formation of a regional school, but the extreme right-wing political killings are monarchism.At the end of 1907, many of the Vyatka villages in the village of Voznesensko Vakhrushevo in the evening telephoned from the hall of the provincial government; Call the phone: factory inspectors N. Ya Yezhov speak, inform that the general assembly of the monarchist party of the post has decided to publish a monarchical weekly magazine in Vyatka. . The work of the editorial office was undertaken by Mr. Spasskaya, and the publisher of the general meeting unanimously elected me and asked for my consent. I reject that I categorically refuse, having neither the slightest knowledge in this matter, nor the means for this, and indeed, living in the village, for 20 faiths from the publisher, there will be no benefit to me. Better you take it for yourself, Nikolai Yakovlevich, or choose someone who is more suitable for the residents of the city of Vyatka. "But N. Ya. Yezhovѣ denies that" money. You don’t need to do this for Vasya if you voluntarily donate a hundred rubles to the party fund, and that’s enough. In fact, magazines will be published at the expense of parties that have secret resources for this, which I will tell you about later. But it is necessary for the publisher to include the prominent, party members from public figures, but not for paid civil service posts. You understand that neither many, nor Sveto species, nor Sintsov, nor Sukhova are not crawling. We all serve, and you are a prominent vowel of the provincial zemstvo and a member of the accounting committee of the State Bank, well known to the regional governor. Therefore, all unanimously recognized Vasya_______1037_______ suitable and desirable. Whether you should persuade me to persuade you, please do not refuse. "I rejected:" It’s better I will make you a donation of one hundred or two hundred rubles, but spare me. "N.Ya. Yezhov said:" Don't, even with a thousand : we need your name. You can give nothing with money, but give consent, although for the first time, but for that, if you find someone suitable, then you may seem to leave, but now, please do not let me down, I’ll already swear by word that I’ll persuade Vasya, although he knew that this would not be easy. "I said:" Set aside until tomorrow, I will be in Vyatka tomorrow, and I will personally come to you *. N.Ya. Hedgehog replies: “Come in, but I’ll nevertheless say to the meeting that you have temporarily agreed”, and I hung up the telephone: I couldn’t see the phoneto reap. The next day, having appeared in the apartment to the factory inspector. he announced that there was nothing to record “yesterday was recorded and yesterday unanimously greeted your consent and report to the governor - he very much approved our choice; if you don’t go, you will oppose everyone, and I won’t say anything. There will be nothing bad for Vasya, but there will be no trouble or expense either. ”You will always succeed in refusing, but for the first time it is important to unanimously agree, and most importantly, Vasya agreed unanimously, but other faces were assumed, but they evoked different voices, and in this case disagreement is undesirable. * Then N.Ya. Yezhov informed many that yesterday it was decided at the general monarchical assembly: to request the highest resolution to be presented to the Sovereign Emperor, Empress and Priest Tsesarevich deputies on behalf of the Vyatka monarchical party, to bring gifts to the public_______1038_______ which, through the Vyatka artisanal zemsky warehouse, will be made at the expense of the party. The delegation was invited to invite the following people: Bishop Paul, Princess A.E. Gorchakov, I am standing Spasskaya, Vasya the wife, Sintsova, F.P. Lustnikov and the peasant Shestakova - Georgievsky cavalry, a participant in the Turkish-Russian war. Of course, if we blow this Highest Resolution, then we assume that we will have to leave not earlier than in six months. But the request is to go through the Governor, through the Minister of the Interior and through the Minister of the Court. Assume that there is no failure. You will receive an official offer from the party in advance and, I hope, refuse, you won’t. I advise you and your spouse to see Bishop Pavlom and the Princess Princess Gorchakova, and then the descendants, after talking with them about the details, will slowly prepare. "After a few days, having received. The monarchist party of the official invitation to participate in deputies for the presentation to the Emperor, we, my wife and F. P. Jlstnikov, sent KE governors Princess AE Gorchakova and Spasskaya, found out that they were preparing I’m going to sew sewing cloth for the seamstress Ogorodnikova. My wife was advised to order the same as she had done. Ms. Spasskaya showed us her ready-made clothes.design addresses in verse, which she will calculate herself and about honor when presented to the Sovereign Emperor of the name of the Vyatka monarchist party. Then we learned from Bishop Pavel and from Suntsov that the costumes were set for men: for the Bishop, the usual archiera cassock with panarios and a cross on the chest and a rosary on his hands, and for all the others, a national Russian peasant costume - caftan blue cloth with burs and_______1039_______Russian high voices with shafts - beetroot from patent leather. For gifts, we were to show you a list of prepared artisanal articles: a wooden pocket watch with a chain made of wood rings, a small one of a spine tree with an inkwell and a paddle, and its oars are adapted like pens for feathers; different fruits from papier-mâché and other small things. Study guide: ten cards that clearly show what comes from birch, from oak, from E and YOU; what comes from fir needles of fir, pine and spruce / various coniferous oils /; what comes from flax, from gypsum and clay / gypsum and clay articles / and so on. We offered to add these gifts to ourselves; I offered a pair of soldier’s boots personally for the Sovereign Emperor and a second pair, half the size, for the Naslednik Tsesarevich, but with the same red leather as the boots for the army are made, according to the Intent description and the shoes of the new sample that was used technical committee with participation ѣ us, breeders F.II. ZISTnikov suggested that he himself make for Naslad nick-Tsesarevich a Russian national caftan with burs, dark blue cloth, on a dull moss, and a blue silk scarf with a belt. and a hat on the ear - an ear-flax. The presidency of the monarchist party with gratitude, our proposal was accepted and we began to prepare everything without a firm assurance - would it be highly recommended to introduce ourselves.V. 1907, on the 17th of November, our last daughter Emiliya was born to us in seven. Her birth for my wife was the heaviest and almost cost her her life, since it was already the twelfth birth; the body was greatly depleted and the heart weakened. After ro_______1040_______cardiac activity was stopped; well, that would be an experienced midwife Nadezhda Pavlovna Leontyeva, she partly anticipated this and asked to prepare a strong coffee and good French champagne in advance. When the postpartum heart began to weaken in the parturient woman and she asked for a little restful sleep, the midwife did not in any way allow the postpartum to fall asleep; she gave her alternately a short coffee or champagne, forced her to drink, and persistently talked with her. And Apollinarya Alekseevna waved her hand away, her eyes rolled back and she asked: "You will untie me once again, give me rest, although I should be able to sleep for 10 minutes," but Ledetyeva insistently insisted that in no case not for one minute should you be allowed to sleep - to fall asleep and not be sleepy; served coffee or champagne again. Finally, the heart began to work normally and Apollinarіya Al, revived, began to speak. that now Sonya has moved away and she can cheat, otherwise she didn’t even understand what they had been bringing to her and what they had asked. Then the midwife crossed herself and said: “Now, thank God, everything is good. Let's drink all the champagne, congratulations on the new day!” They all drank, congratulated each other, Apollinariy Alek sѣevnѣ decided to sleep and we all went to sleep.• This year, many were forty years old, and Apollinari Aleksevna - 39 I / 2 years.In February of the month of 1908, the monarchist couple received from St. Petersburg through the governor was advised that the Highest resolution of the deputies from the Vyatka monarchical party in the first half of the 1st of this year. Upon arrival II deputies before_______1041_______it is planned to appear in the office of the Ministry of the court at the indicated address, and then wait for a few days to hear from the office of the Ministry of the court, on what day and hour the appointment of the deputies to Tsarskoye Selo will be scheduled. But in view of the fact that the Sovereign Empress is ill, it is proposed that ladies E be excluded from the monarchist deputies. Resolution make up of deputies only from men alone, mainly with. Bishopѣ Pavlomi.In the early days of June 1, among five people, we arrived in St. Petersburg, Four, i.e. I, F.II. lsnikov, Sintsov and Shestakov stopped on the streets of Malaya Morskaya in the Grand Hotel, and Bishop Pavel stopped to lodge in the Alexander Nevsky Monastery, learned friends of the monks. Having appeared in the office of the Minister of the Court there, we were very kindly received, we looked through our documents and wrote down all of them, as well as our temporary Peterburg addresses. Irosili for several days to wait at home in my hotel. They offered us, if you wish, osmotriyat while the sights of St. Petersburg, by the way, the Big Winter Palace and the Hermitage. They gave the palace chancellery the first name open to us, that we were all renamed to the list and by our wives, all together, or individually, as a smoke, for ten days, we have the right to inspect all sights of Peter Burr, including where the private public not allowed. Moreover, in this E sheet, all persons and institutions are required to provide us with all assistance.and clarification on inspection.peasant. Shestakov, the former of our deputies, was a former soldier of a guardsman, tall, with a wide shoulder. He had documented that during the Russian-Turkish howl_______1042_______we fought with the kars of Kars, we were wounded and awarded with a special familiarity - the black cast-iron cross on the national ribbon. More than twenty-five years have passed since that time, but until now this cross has not been sent to Shestakov. Shestakov showed his document to the officer who us. take the bureaucracy of the Ministry of Lines and asked: “Could you give me some advice, is it possible to get a badge from me on this paper, Sovereign Alexander the Second cross. Or, unfortunately, it’s been canceled a long time ago. I’ve lost it several times. requests for the first time, but many haven’t even distracted them. " The officer looked through the document and said: “It's strange. Leave this piece of paper many, I hope that you will receive the cross immediately. The royal word does not change and there is no prescription for it. It’s, probably, some kind of misunderstanding: don’t find your address or you are mistakenly included in the lists of those killed. Go to the apartments, I’ll call you or the cross will be delivered to your apartment. " Indeed, two days later, a hal kѣ nam vѣ grand hotel, Colonel and their respectiveShestakov handed over the documents with documents and asked very much for forgiveness and oversight of his "predecessors" by services.During that time, Sintsov and Shestakov spent a lot of time exploring the sights of St. Petersburg and its environs, but I was busy with my business affairs, I just went with my own friend, Lustnikov, his wife and the rest of the deputies, the whole group, V. the Great Winter Palace in the Hermitage Imperial. Upon presentation of the document issued to us from the clerical office of the court, they received and escorted us from_______1043_______ with respect. They showed and explained very kindly, not too much. They led us to the private chambers of the Sovereign and Sovereign, where they stop even now, when they come to Zizhnі. Two places where a private audience is not allowed for inspection. Did they show us the cabinet and the bed on which the Sovereign Aleksendr assured us of the second villainous assassination attempt on him, and the last cigarette butts that he smoked before his death - to lie in the ashtray on the table near the bed. In the dining room, on the walls hung silver and golden dishes, presented to different Russians. I would like to give the presents to the people at coronation and other solemn occasions, but they explained that this is only a small part, more elegant, and their mass is kept in the Hermitage. We went around all the big halls and galleries where there are big ceremonial openings and celebrations, everything was explained in detail to us. Then it was very interesting, but now, I have already forgotten most of it. In the Hermitage we spent the same room where the main values ​​of the Hermitage are stored. A lot of jewels: brillant things and other precious stones and pearlsѣ. Particularly our attention was paid to HER this hall in the middle of which is a huge golden peacock clockwork, flapping its wings; his tail and wings are decorated with the corresponding colors with enamel and precious multi-colored stones. This peacock belonged to Catherine the Second and its donation to the Hermitage. This peacock, and all the things that were in this hall, made an indescribable effect on us. It was impossible to see enough and come off, from one thing to pass to another. But not in a hurry, but they kindly offered to watch the following things again and again. Leaving this hall, we were almost not interested in the rest of the halls of the Hermitage. Indeed, in this hall with jewels_______1044_______private visitors were not driven. It was a consequence of many conversations that attended the Imperial ІPeterburgsky Ermi strand, right-winging them, didn’t they see the hall with gemstones, where the golden peacock and other value. Everyone was distracted by not seeing or even suspecting or hearing of the existence of that hall.In a week, Liu will be appointed to us. We were sent all registered tickets, which indicated what time and minute to leave St. Petersburg by train to Tsarskoye Selo, where we will be met at the station. I’ve visited the Tsarskoye Selo on the eve of my visit as a writer. The Menshikovs, who wrote in Novomie Vremya, I was interested in his articles. When I arrived at him without warning, they didn’t want to accept me and said that he did not have a dull day today, for today he is. I don’t accept writing articles for the newspaper Novoye Vremya, but I insisted that tomorrow we introduce ourselves to Gos — present to the Emperor and present the handicraft articles of the Vyatka bush bush as a gift. To the heir to Tsesarevich, I would only like to show some things to Mr. Menshikov, as a Russian patriot, before the talent of which I personally bow. Conversations with me were conducted by Menshikov's wife. She invited me into the living room and went to the office to report. After a minute, send Denshikov himself. I advised myself, and apologized that you were tearing him off from work by a busy hour, but I wanted to show him a little torment of Vyatka handicraftsmen, somehow; a wooden pocket watch and other elegant small handicrafts and, among other things, soldiers ’boots of the last day’s sample, which are now delivered to the whole army, and it’s just like such yuft leather and soldier’s_______1045_______shoe made boots for the sovereign and for the heir, Less. I took it with great pleasure, examined it without haste, and thanked, saying: "I do not regret that you have torn me from urgent work, for this I’ll prepare to lose another half an hour and ask you to drop by my eye tomorrow, after the reception from the State Court "The next day, with the indicated train, we arrived at Tsarskoye Selo. Coming out of the carriage, we saw a colonel, Prince Mikhail Sergeyevich Putyatin, approaching us, who came under the blessing of the Holy Etiscope. Pavel, then met us all and invited us to go with him to the two carriages served at the palace. Come to the palace, to a separate building, Prince Putyatin invited us to the dining room to eat the Tsarskago treats and have breakfast. So cover for 6 people. 2. We sat down, all five people of the deputies who had arrived and eat prince I Putyatin to eat breakfast with us. We drank a glass of Madeira. Was it boiled fish, by portions, and meat - by sirloin, then fruit and coffee. Having a quick breakfast, looking at the clock, Prince Putya Tin said that after 5 minutes it was a day. It should be noted that in the morning at 9 o’clock the notice from E Tsarskago Selya took the courier and all the gifts for the heir to take away with the list, and we asked the courier to put them in such a room, so that the Tsar would accept our deputies. After breakfast, Prince ІPutyatin take us to the same carriage in the Small Palace, where the Emperor constantly lived with his family. In the middle of the garden, entering the gate, the carriage stopped. An officer came and looked into the carriage. Each of us named his last name. Nas feed without delay - styles further to the front porch - the palace. Entering the lobby_______1046_______of the palace, we undressed, taking off our coats and hats, and signed into the palace booksѣ. They led us into the biblical room. But on the eve I was on the Moika embankment in the house of the adjutant of the Sovereign, at Orlov, in order to get to know him in advance and ask for his advice, what should I do if I wanted the Sovereign to allow him to make boots for him and for the heir to the dark and not from leather , and їzy chrome plating. But Orlov did not accept me. Upon entering the biblical room, the Tsar is adjutant to leave the opposite two ri. Orlo Bymy, and after them the next * Sovereign Empress s. The heir. Tsesarevich. We stand "all the way across the edge of Epi as Pavel, next to me - I’m holding in my address, and then I’ll overwhelm all the other members of the deputies. Sovereign approached the blessings of Bishop Paul. Bishops blessed the Sovereign and they kissed both hands together. After that, the Tsar stopped against us, bowing with us. I read the address in poems, which I memorized almost and read very well, expressively, with a feeling. The Tsar said: "Very good verses; that it is borrowed from somewhere, or specially composed. "I rejected:" Your Imperial Majesty, these poems are not borrowed from anywhere, but specially composed by a member of our Vyatka monarchist party, Mrs. Spasskaya specially for the address that she has yes to Your Majesty herself to read to Your Majesty, but she did not have to. The sovereign saidѣ: “Very good poems, you leave them, I give the address-stick. Then. Sintsov come up to the table with gifts and say:“ Please accept this for His Highness His Grace Nick Tsesarevich. ”They stood near the table with the Emperor’s mothertake it from the table, a graceful rosy apple from papier-mâché,_______1047_______take it in the mouth and starts to bite it off. Frol Petr. Lustni - catch the Priest’s hand and say: “What you, Your Highness, is impossible, this paper apple”. The empress took the apple from her hand *, she said: "Put it on that, it’s not" give. " They showed the sovereign a pocket wooden watch with a chain, they explained that at all hours there was only a steel spring and a hair, yes glass, and the rest were all: wheels, arrows, hinges and even little rings on a chain - all made of wood. The emperor took a long time to admire, and then asked: “What is it, the watch was deliberately made to order — the first watch — or it is already on sale.” F. P. Lustnikov explained that there was a sale; the watch was commissioned by Vyatsky handicraftsman Bronnikov, but not the first. The first such hours were sent by this master and bring them up. Emperor Alexander the Second, when he, the Heir, passed through the Vyatka province. The Tsar said to this: “Give your present to the Tsar twice, and the grandson has worked for now. Then I showed the boots, sayingѣ: "This is a glanders Guy of a soldier’s sample and the same yuft leather as the last time Inten prepared for the army for the army, and we made according to the Intendant model and description of the soldiers ’ordinary boots for Your Imperial Majesty and for His Grace the Religious Tsarevichovich, but size ”. The emperor said:“ Yes, I did show exactly the last soldier’s past, and I said that I like them a lot, and that you did it for the Herald. "I unscrewed:" Your Majesty, unfortunately, not according to the mark, I could not get the markers in advance - to get it, but if you stand, then I will be very happy for the second_______1048_______send it in darkness and send it. "The emperor said:“ It’s a pity that these are not in darkness ”. He turns to Adjutant Orlov and says:“ We must date murk. ”ОтPotom fp ѣstnikov to show his publication covered cloth and moss whitewashed kidney. Sovereign take a hat from his hand and put it on the head of the Descent. And at this time Adyu Tant Orlov came up to me and said: “Do not say that you were with me. Now I will give you a gloom for the Boots of the Priest, when you come out of here, come with me to the dressing room. "The Emperor paid special attention to our delegate, the party peasant Shestakov, the guardsman with the St. George’s white soldier’s cross. And with the cast-iron black cross on the cross. The emperor approached Sam Shestakov, began to ask him about the Russo-Turkish warѣ, in which battles participated and for what kind of fights did these two crosses reward. How often was Skobelev visualized and when did the Emperor Alexander see On the 2nd, Shestakov thoroughly, soldierly distinctly, disavowed every question, stood in the front line, soldierly Finally, the Sovereign and the Sovereign thanked us for expressing their true feelings, and Gestu separately said that he was glad to see how diligent the servant of his grandfather, devoted to the throne and the fatherland, and during his reign, is a good example for the youth of our time.When we all left the reception room from the library room - in the corridor, adjutant Orlov asked me to follow themAlready in the dressing room. The wardrobe manager said: “Hand over the boots of the Priest.” But many said: "Take off your boots, take off your gloom." I rejected that I was not a shoemaker + artisan, but_______1049_______the manufacturer, and never the darkness themselves did not remove and I can not. Give me many pads, which I will then return, with boots, I will return. "Orlov told the manager:" Give the pads, the Sovereign ordered to give them. " and to the Heir, ordered Weiss to make boots for the Heiress, so yesterday Weiss was taken away from us to the boat. Orlov addressed me, saying: “Could you yourself drive into Nevsky opposite the Anichkin Palace, enter Weiss’s shops and take pads from them? . And we will inform you there by phone background, you will immediately be given out. "I thanked you, turn off that I’m a store. I’ll weigh the sign and will be happy to come in today and take the pads. Before leaving the library room, the reception room Vintsov asked the Tsar:" Do not deign For the Vyatka Monarchist Party, His Majesty is welcome to spoil the Sovereign, the Sovereign, and the Heir with his own handwritten inscription. “The Empress rejected:“ Well, we will do it, send it. ”Then Sintsov asked if it is possible to take the flowers from the bouquet, standing on the table. Guo smiled and handed him the whole bouquet.Coming out of the palace, Prince A. S. Putyatin went on the same carriage to the station. At the stationѣ had half an hour Ozhidar V. train. I suggested to my accomplices. Delegates that I still have to drop by the employee of the newspaper Novoye Vremya, telling him to inform him of the result of our program. If anyone wishes. come with me, or go to St. Petersburg, the first time from long to the next train station. Bishop Pavel and Shestakovi for revealed that they were to die, and Sintsov and F. 11. Yostnikov went with_______1050_______by me to Menshikov. Menshikov, already waiting for us, you invited us to the living room and in detail, together with your wife, both asked how they accepted us. And then they asked for a few flowers from Tsarskago bouquet.Iz Tsarskago Sela, from the station, I handed home telegrams to the village of Voznesensko-Vakhrushevo that I had now received the highest reception of the Emperor.The next day, as a group, headed by Bishop Pavel, as a whole delegation, representing the Vyatka Monarchical Party to the Emperor, we went to photograph on Nevsky Prospect and filmed for a large portraits, which corresponds with the inscription in gold letters, with the date / year , month and number / s are all delegate names BE.When I returned from Tsarskago Selo to [[St. Petersburg, taking the train station to the cab, I turned to Veisu. I went into the shop, asked the owner or the manager of the administration. I explained to him that I am now from Tsarskoye Selo, out of the palace, and I want to take the shoe pads for the boots of Naslednik-ljesarevich. ManagingRodtsii unscrewed: "Now, sit a minute." I called out the foreman and prikal hall to him: "Give this gentleman the shoemaking blocks of the Clerk Tsesarevich." The master said: "The pads are busy with us, they urgently sew the ordered boots for the heir." The manager splashed: "We must immediately give it out, now we have been telephoned from Tsarskago Selo, which itself. The Tsar ordered to be handed over to the boat." The pastor embarrassedly declares: "Is it possible at least untilhold up in the morning, and we’ll be finished tomorrow, thenthe pads are free, we will give E, but when we return them.It often happens to us that different organizations or gender_______1051_______urgently order forged parts for the heir or for the sovereign boots, but with us. the block will not be, it is very inconvenient. "I got into a conversationѣ and said:" I will take the pads to Vyatka, well, after 10-15 days, but maybe sooner. In order not to leave Vasya without shoes, I suggest you, order tomorrow a block master using your existing shoes to make the same, I or 2 more pairs of shoes at my expense. I am leaving in three days. Next day I’ll come to you, you will give me back the old one that you received from the palace, and you will leave the new one in my case, and I will return the old Iz Vyatka with boots directly to the palace, V. Tsarskoye Selo. "I get 10 rubles and I submit to the manager and say: “This will pay at my expense the cost of urgent work of the new blocks.” The manager refused to accept the money, say; “We very muchwe are grateful for the prompted thought - I’ve made spare blocks, and we’ll do it at our own expense, p. "Vasya does not have the right to take money., Since we are ordered to give pads to you from the palace."Bouquets of flowers. Sintsov divided Nan'an into all and we dried flowers, and I kept them in my books for a long time, at the officetableѣ.When I returned home, I ordered in my factory to prepare boots from chrome leather for the heir to the Cesarevich’s boat to the boats I had brought from St. Petersburg. Then the cardboard master ordered to make a good box with a satin goal, a fight with a piece inside and outside, on the lid there is an inscription: His Imperial Highness Grandfather Tsesarevich Grand Duke Alexei Nikolayevich was a peasant P.A. Vakhrushev, and the date. With the corresponding accompanying paper, all this was delivered to the office of the governor for sending to Petersburg you are the Ministry of the yard._______1052_______Khsyatsa in two I receive through the governor, according to the printed version of the “Certificate”, a gold pocket watch with a hero - a two-headed orlomt, a royal present in my name, taken from His Majesty’s 1 box. At the same time, Mrs. Spasskaya received, also with the appropriate printed testimony, from the office of His Majesty, the Royal Gift - a brilliant brooch for her verses - addressed. At the address of Bishop Paul, as the chairman of the Vyatka monarchist sledge II, portraits were sent with an inscription and relevant printed evidence.We were still in Petersburg, we were on the same day of reception, reporters had a variety of newspapers, we asked in advance and the next day the newspapers of five Petersburg newspapers were briefly informed of the delegation to the Sovereign from the Vyatka Monarchist Party. But Lenshikov. BE of "New Time" wrote nothing about this. A long time later he wrote about the supply of the army and mentioned the boots prepared before the Japanese War and prepared after the Japanese War; tѣ and other oHE personally saw himself and made a comparison - like heaven from earth. In one illustrated magazine, it was the 11th century to ruin the Tsesarevich’s Lives in the t картstnikovská kartanchik шап and hat, girdled with a silk blue sash and in. my boots, but go to the portrais volume the inscription: Naslѣdnik Tsesarevich the Great Prince Alexѣ Niko laevich in the Russian sheepskin, presented. Vyatka monarchical party. Later these portraits were sold in photographs on Nevsky. I will buy one to spoil it in the frame of a red tree with a gilded crown at the top. To spoil this always hung in my office on the wall with the delegation card and I would honor the certificate - testimony, when I sent the cabinet out His Great_______1053_______honors with a royal gift - a chapel. I have five of these watches. 5 or 6 volt St. Petersburg’s car tram in Sadovaya Street, whether it was stolen or not. I will go to the store. Pavel Buret, supplier of the courtyard with coats of arms. He declared to the manager that I had often stolen several arms, whether it was possible to somehow restore, draw up a message about the loss and replace them with new emblems, but so that it was not private, but official, donated. The managing director asked: “You probably have an official certificate from His office, you bring it to us, we’ll give you a duplicate number for the same number, and you don’t need to send the public about the loss for a second time I went to Pavel Bure’s shop, presented udo crosѣdѣn i є. They wrote down the number in the book, took out an enamel coat of arms and several gold watches, they offered to choose a gold watch for any price; I chose a good gold with a fight, I paid it stand The store’s master didn’t attach to the cover of this watch the emblem of the two-headed eagle, but the next day, they sent a cutout inside the counter cover, copying what was written on the certificate, that is, “The golden watch with a chain, according to the wishes of His Majesty’s cabinet to Peter Alexandrovich Vakhrushev, "and the date is year, month, and number} and number, I took this watch home and kept it in my fireproof cabinet, so as not to lose again, but always wore the iron and smiling calendar, boughtnoy Toya: f Pavel Bure for 45 rubles. I’m so used to it that I’ve wandered overseas and overseas, but have more than 30 years of age. And the gold watch with the emblem remained at my place, in the village of Voznesensko-Vakhrushev, BE safeѣ, and in time.-_______1054_______probably the revolution went to the Bolsheviks.fromWhen I arrived from Tsarskago Selo to Petersburg last! I was introduced to the Sovereign Emperor, I accidentally met Konstantin Ilyich Nazarov near St. Isaac's Cathedral, going to But St. Isaac's Street, building 2, to the brother of the former English envoy Paklevskago-Kozel. K.I.Nazarovѣ, having learned from me that I had just returned from Tsarskago Selo, introducing himself to Sovereign Emperor, asked me to drop in with him for a moment to the brother of the messenger, to whom he has a small deal, and by the way, he invited me to introduce - Maybe someday it’s suitable, or at least in order to look at its chic Mansion. And then he proposed to go to us in the hotel teato drink and there to tell how nasy took from the Emperor, as this is of great interest to him. At Paklevskago-Kozel we were about 15-20 minutes, not more. What happened to Nazarov to him - I do not remember. But it seemed to me that during the sale of Ilaklevskiy osel they said: "Old steel, sometimes I feel bad, there must be a time to come up, I will have to die soon." And K.I. Nazarov. said, call him by the name: "Vincent Alfonsovich, your good deeds make many for you to pray to God and the Lord God to hear these prayers from your heart, and prolong your life for many children."House-mansionPaklevskogo-Kozel many really liked the appearance, and inside - there are many rooms, which: many ... when - it was possible to see. The house is not tall, with beautiful architecture, the god has a lift and a front entrance with a staircase made of marble - ra. Sam Vick. Alf. Paklevskіy -Kozel many also really like|_______1055_______and struck me with its simplicity, when we went out from him, I said this C.I. Nazarov, who is surprisingly sweet, amiable and easy to handle. K.I. Nazarov unscrewed many things, which is really wrong: "Pay attention: in this circle, those who are educated and above occupy the position, because they are easier and lighter in the home environment, and keep yourself strictly on discipline in official openings." From the house of Paklevskago-ezel, we walked along Dalaya Korskaya Street to the Grand Hotel Poshko m. K.I.Nazarov was confused by two seats for tea. Yai Lustnikov was told to him in detail all the time about prіemѣ and under what circumstances did we get into the delegation of the monarchical couples of tii at this highest prіem. Nazarov really liked all thisMoose.Magazines published by you by the Vyatka Monarchist Party have existed for less than a year and closed by itself - either because of the lack of a sufficient number of subscribers, or because of a shortage of funds, and the other is both. I don’t even know the details. E. Personally, i.e. on many and on F.І. Flats, the pressure from the managers of private banks began to manifestly appear, especially when leaving the Vyatka of the manager of the state bank A.Iv. Svetovidova. I'm weak formѣchal and attributed just caution to the bank and the lastpit of the senator-Garinsky revision. And F.P.ѣstnikov strongly feel -Al it was on his dalakh and attributed it entirely to pressure on him personally for his monarchical activities and often inflicted prince S.D. Gorchakov, what to press private banks for our monarchical slaughter: “Is it possible through Vasya, prince, toі_______1056_______invest in these banks from St. Petersburg. "Prince S.D. Gorchakov in the fall went to Petersburg, according to his own wishes, was also St. Petersburg according to the Intendan supplies. Prikhal and frol of the village of Lstnikov in Petersburg, according to the prince Gorchakov, for three F.P. mnѣ and say: "Prince S.D. Gore: * * chakom to go to the chief manager of the State Bank tomorrow on our request to influence through the Vyatka branch of the State Bank on Vyatka private banks so that, as a result, they do not put pressure on us. Prince s: d. Gorchakov was strong that both of you and I would wait tomorrow at 10 o’clock in the morning, BE, the State Bank and we’ll meet there at the meeting. ”I expressed my opinion that I would not consider it expedient, and it would not turn out worse. I haven’t been proved that pressure is being exerted on us for the monarchical conviction. More than that, I’m sitting in the accounting committee of the State Bank, I don’t miss it, but private banks have their own thoughts and our public goodness. a bank from Petersburg cannot to require private banks to change the private bank’s views on individuals as the State Bank wants; yes, the main board of the State Bank wouldn’t go for it, it would be tactless. Such governments would not have ruined our governors Prince S .D. Gorchakov. But once it has already been done and he has appointed an appointment with the Governing State Bank for tomorrow, with our participation, we must go, although tomorrow I’m not very free and I will not be able to stay BE bank for more than half an hour: II hours. I must be in the "Quartermaster". OnFROM_______1057_______morning, at 10 o’clock, we went to the main Office of the State Bank. At the same time, the prince S.D. Gorchakov, you are a court uniform and with all orders and stars. I was surprised - why the governor .; so is KE to the Governor of the State Bank. It turned out that, at the rank and place of service, the main Governing State of the Vienna Bank is equal to the position and rank of the Minister. I am Prince S.D. Gorchakov stated that I didn’t know earlier that today I will have to go with them here and I’m at the second hour and there’s not a turnaround time mainly for the command of the Quartermaster’s, but because if I don’t take it soon, I I will leave. Prince Gorchakov said: “You can’t do anything about it — press 10; we are with a frol. Petrovich we’ll come in together.” After waiting half an hour and not waiting for the beginning of the program, I was sad. But in accordance with the established procedure, all those who appear to be the main evil to the Governor of the State Bank, the duty secretary are recorded in the book of ipem, ct. Indicated ranks, professions and addresses. Deny recorded: The horse factory, shoe manufacturer, supplier to the army. Then. F.P. Dustnik once toldMuch what they expected, approximately another hour and Prince S.d. Gorchakov patiently gave the doji. Thenѣ andҳі accepted the first. Upra Blyayutstsiy, having listened to Prince Gorchakov, averted, approximately what I had told Tustnikov the day before that there was no indirect evidence that pressure was to be held for the monarchical conviction. and a public financial institution cannot creep into the details of other private equity banks. "Of course, I greatly appreciate the personal request of the Governor for separate factories useful to the state, and all this with my confidence that within the limits of possibility and legality - I’ll try to do it,_______1058_______ but I can’t deny much, after all, with all the desire, I am powerless in this. "In general, f. 11. Destiny was disappointed by this trip and petition. I told her that this could not be expected anymore. At the most, if the managing director of the Second Government of the State Bank from St. Petersburg write in the Vyatka branch of the State Bank a secret letter, that before the request of the Vyatka governor for such persons it is advisable, in the interests of the rule of law, to support these banks already Whether there was at least such a secret letter from E. І. Petersburg I don’t know for sure, but it was nevertheless noticeable how you private banks, especially in the State Bank, our mother’s relationship improved. But we, of course, didn’t They didn’t talk about the motion of the governor to Petersburg,In Vyatka, since long time ago, there is a large wooden theater, which has already cost a few tens of dollars, in a prominent square near the State Bank and the hen of the High School. The history of this theater is tacosa. It was built by a private group of citizens, who at one time formed a committee on the chairmanship of the governor, with the participation of provincial architects. They took money and set up a theater, and the city only took the theater to the ground. It is not legally registered, the theater was not transferred to the city government and the committee members were dismissed without a choice of the City Duma, but somehow privately .. Prince SDGorchakov turned his attention to this. When they were the mayor of Sintsov, then, at the suggestion of Prince Gorchakov, the city government would organize a new committee under the city government, raise the chairmanship. Prince Gorchakov, governor. Entered the Komi -_______1059_______Aunt of the council and part of the vowels and private persons, which included: factory inspector. N.Ya. Hedgehog, provincial architects Iv. Ap. Charushin, Al. Yak. Tyryshkins and more. They began to collect donations for the construction of the city stone theater. Factory inspectors N.Ya. Ezhov prіzzzhal kѣ nam in the village during the next revisions of the factories; among other things, on behalf of the governor, I offered you subscription leaves for the construction of a stone theater you Vyatka, instead of a wooden one on Doskovskaya street. On this subscription list, there was already a donation from Al. Yak. Tyryshkina - 1000 rubles. We, all four Vakhrushevs firms, donated 110,000 rubles and immediately contributed 4,000 rubles. Fees were also made through other entities for subscribed steel. But I didn’t see the rest of the subscription sheets and it was not a shit how much was collected. About a year later, I received from the neighboring city of Sarapul the Vyatka governorate letter 2: 40, the son of the tannery breeder Slagin, who was acquainted with me, who was also the vowel of the provincial council of Saapula, although he had different political views that were opposite to me. Smaginѣ to write that the local police officer on any matter made up a few breeders' protocols and reported to the governor. The Vyatka governor’s decree was ordered - the administration of the BNO imposed on all four breeders from Russia 1,000 rubles each. “We don’t feel sorry for anything, but it’s a shame to pay them, like a fine.” Knowing that you are in good relations with the governor, we decided to ask Vasya, as a colleague, a tannery breeder, if you could find it possible to tell the governor the true situation , as it was, and not as one-sidedly inform our governor our governor:._______1060_______We would rather donate these sums for the construction of the Vyat - a theater, or other charity, but not to be fined. "At the same time, I will state in detail the essence of the matter, for which they were fined. I went to Prince S. D. Gorchakov, showed him Smagin’s letter. After reading, the prince said: “It’s empty,” he picked up the telephone, telephoned the office to the ruler of the office of larіya: “Write a telegram to Sarapul; c. I am preparing a leather administrative breeder. "I tell the prince:" But what about donating these amounts to the theater. The prince said: "It is inconvenient to write about it and you are not advised, but on a personal visit you will remind them, or you may be allowed to send it through you." I said that not the people of Sarapulza are Narods who are very proud and proud. When drowning, such an ax promises, and pulling it out is also a pity for tolorida. First, to cancel their fines, if you ask, I will transfer 4,000 p. To my address for transferring the funds to the re-establishment of the theater, and send the telegram to the police officer by volume. Prince S.D. They said to Gorchakov: “No, it’s inconvenient, we rely on their nobility: to send, it’s good, but not to send out - and don’t need it, moreover, that with our theater, things slowed down. The former committee considered itself to be the owner in the theater and not to want to transfer it to the city’s order for breaking down and building on this avenue of the Kamennago — to propose that the money collected be transferred to the IA E and they themselves build a stone theater. But the city can’t be reached now and I think this is wrong. persevere then the theater will remain wooden th, and the collected donations will have to be returned to all the donors. ”From E Ca rapula, the breeders never transferred 4,000 rubles to the theater, and I_______1061_______They did not meet and did not write anything. Three years later, already after the departure of the Governor Prince Gorchakov iz Vyatka, the new aunt to build a stone theater were dissolved and all donations were returned through: collect the same. To us, the village brought the same factory inspectors Yezhov and offered to donate these sums to the insurance capital of the workers or V. The better life for workers in the Vyatka province. All the Vakhrushevs agreed and sent on the same signature line the corresponding inscription. In all likelihood, they did not send, approximately, other donors, passing. These amounts are for any other good or for the needs of charity. Thus, the idea of ​​building the stone theater BE Vyatka died BE the embryo itself, or, so to speak, it turned out to be a stillborn child.In the spring of 1908, even before our trip, to introduce ourselves to the Sovereign as a monarchist party, at about the end of 11th or at the beginning of Api Rul, the river had not yet been opened, in Vyatka it was dirty, but it was still raised on a sleigh XE. Visit the Vyatka Hay Torsky official, or the Dynasty of Internal Affairs, according to the investigation of the attempt on the governor of Prince Gorchakov. It was precisely at the same time that the emergency provincial zemstvo assembly was appointed. The Petersburg auditor stopped to apartment near the station, on a spare railroad track, into a first-class carriage, and dishes were served from the station's buffet to the carriage. They went to the city and governor almost every day on governor horses, which he was given at the appointed hour. Frol 11. Tѣstnikovѣ have arrived in Vyatka, at_______1062_______ going to the provincial zemstvo council, calls me and secretly informs me that the senator from St. Petersburg was the auditor against Prince Gorchakov, probably according to Omashev’s complaints that the bernators had dispersed all the previous provincial council and closed up the activities of greenery. It is possible that delasheva, as a member of the State Council and my connection to Petersburg, is seeking Prince Gorchakov to be transferred from E Vyatka. "I suggest you takewith myself a few vowels of the peasants, and I brought with me 4-5 men of peasants. Let’s go to the inspector directly into the carriage and we’ll intercede for Prince Gorchakov. "I turned away to Dost - to Nikov:" Where did you get such a name from. I heard that this time - a consequence of the attempted assassination of Gorchakov, about the bomb that was launched last year, and Yumashev did not go there, he was not approved by the Cinister of the Morning for July, and with this, nothing to spoil. Some zemstvo departments were closed temporarily, not by governors, but by the zemstvo assembly, which no one else can prescribe from St. Petersburg, and more than the governor, neither to open nor to open and not have the right to. It means that neither Yumashev nor anyone else could complain about him for this, and I believe that no petition is needed here; Yes, we now and cannot leave here, go to the meeting of the provincial zemstvo assembly and have serious questions, when discussing them, the Chairperson about the strength of me and our other people AMYlilennikovna disagree. ”F.II. Tstnikov said:“ We will all go to the end , and on the way back I’m going to your apartment, I’ll say all the time that we will find out. ”After the discussion, FP Lust - went to my apartment and said:“ The auditor was very good at receiving me. !! We told him that we had heard a rumor before us,INBUT_______1063_______that there was a complaint against our governor that he was ill, the population and the zemstvo were oppressed, and it would have been better for him and the former Zemstvo to petition for the transfer of Prince Gorchakov from Vyatka. We, like ordinary peasants, do not engage in politics, I love our homeland and the Sovereign, the governor, Prince Gorchakov, we see the servants of the Tsarskago and a fair relationship to the settlement of the Vyatka province, which is heard all over the world. But they believe that, for this, the revolutionary intellectuals fall on him and try to remove Vyatka from him. If this is false, then the poor peasant population will be very upset if Prince Gor Chakov is transferred from Vyatka. That’s why we came to you to explain that the governor, Prince Gorchakov, is very good, we don’t need better, but if possible, please leave him in “Vyatka”. With Lustnikov there was a Tatar Isak, who spoke Russian, but with a large Tatar accent. He addresses the auditor with the following words: "Mr. Petersburg auditor, please do not translate this governor from us. True, they are a very good gentleman, especially for our brother, poor man." The auditor smiled and said: "You can be calm, I can’t talk about any complaint, nor about any translation. I came here for a completely different matter, but it was very pleasant to hear from you, who voluntarily came to my opinion and expressed impartial peasant feedback about our government servants of the Tsar and the Fatherland, which come in shortThe time spent in Vyatka earned such a love of the population and, especially, of the peasant. I am very grateful to you, and once again I assure you that I have completely different business and that you have absolutely nothing._______1064_______worry about. Your governor. yours will remain, and yours Fr. a little good Reviews to accept me as a friend, and whoever needs to be in St. Petersburg to know about it, that one will know ". With all of us, we ...Squished by the hand and we left very satisfied. I advise you and Tomorrow * to leave early in the morning. "At that time, I was sitting in my apartment Fedor Iv. Koysin, a provincial provincial vowel. They intervened in conversations, saying:" It’s worse not to sit down. They were like simple peasants, and we can appear as vowels and a modem to briefly explain only the Ozemian activity, I agreed, let the word of F.P. Lѣstnikov, that tomorrow, before the meeting of the provincial assembly, we will leave .. In the morning at 9 o’clock we will be F.I. Koisinim went to the station. Learning | where the minister’s carriage went to the carriage, and the old people just left the carriage with a briefcase and went to meet us. You ask him: “Is it possible for us to settle Mr. Senator's auditor. We are the provincial vowels of the Vyatka zemstvo and would like to have 5-10 minutes to talk to Mr. Mr. the auditor ..” OHE said: “Please go to the carriage. I was going to go to the governor, "I’ll get to him earlier today, but for half an hour I can stay, with pleasure I will defeat you." We entered the carriage, blamed for the delay, recommended ourselves and began to eat that we were uninvited guests, but move me with a feeling of love for our country and be fair. According to Vyat - the case has spread, it is unjustly from where and unjustly it was justified that you had left at once for the commission of an assassination attempt | against the governor of Prince Gorchakov, and in connection with this, as if, the ill-wishers of the prince blame him for defeating the former the position of the provincial council and the given volume of the provincial zemstvo_______1065_______to the assembly: to perform a surgical operation from some of the lands of the zemstvo economy. We, the vowel peasants who have actually performed these surgical operations, let’s say. Wamt * frankly, that this is all wrong, but there was no other way. Here, the vowel 30 years old is already a zemstvo vowel ѣ - maybe for the evidence that in recent times the activity of the provinces - the local government, led by the provincial government of the last few years, has so departed from its direct zemstvo and was carried away by politics, that for 30 years F.I. Koisin is nothing like not a sight. Provincial government, developing the activities of different branches of the zemstvo economy according to the regulations. The land of the Assembly, naturally, at its discretion, picked up the composition of all the servants in the department. With the entire composition of the council, the new composition of the council, most of which was appointed by the government, was in an impossible state, the former zemstvo employees could not work with them, and the zemstvo assembly took drastic measures, closing temporarily some branches of the economy so that the government could legally dissolve all former. But the next year the same composition. vowels of all closed sections to open and recruit new employees. Of course, all this could be done only with the firm will of the governor. For our part, as zemstvo payers and as vowels, in all of this we see the merit of Prince Gorchakov and nourish our gratitude to him, and we came to your witness to stand before you. If this is included in the task of at least a part of your visit to Vyatka, then please respectfully accept all that we have been informed of, and if this is not for youinteresting for the benefit of the business, we ask. Excuse you_______1066_______ you have a precious time. "The examiner said:“ Although I arrived here on a different matter, I am very grateful to you for your initiative and have informed me of some very useful information that I will partially use in St. Petersburg. ” He said goodbye to our hand and, together, got out of the carriage. Just sit on the governor’s horses submitted to him and squeal, and we, following him; on ѣhali on his horse ѣ in the provincial administration. In the evening I saw the secretary of the provincial zemstvo presence B.I. Skim gardens. He asks me: "Weren't you this morning in the ministerial carriage with the auditor." I said: "Yes, I’m c. Koisin, but how did you find out. * Sadovskiy said many times that in the morning at 9 o’clock, he was with the governor with a report .. As long as the reports were clear, I had to go through the 20 minutes from the station say: “For a quarter of an hour, I’ve been ozdal, because there were two Zemsky provincial vowels, one young, forty and one old man, sixty five. I had to return from the platform to the car and talk with them. From somewhere, a rumor spread that I was in connection with the transfer of the governor from Vyatka to nalobam zemtsev. Yesterday five crosses yang came to me, and among them there were one Tatars who replaced me, saying: please don’t translate the governor from us, the gentleman is very good. "Sadovsky say:" Today I thought that you were a young vowel, but the old people who had never guessed, forgot that you are inseparable friends. And here are who were yesterday. Is it not for want? And what kind of Tartar was there yet. "I explained to him that, indeed, there had been a lust and those close to him, I asked:" What did Prince Gorchakov reject this for the auditor. "B.I. Sadovskiy once told many that the prince wanted toLIN_______1067_______and said: “If you sit there longer in the carriage, so you can blow up garbage and cherries. You see how brave the Vyatka peasants are to go to the St. Petersburg auditor themselves, they are not afraid that they can be arrested together with the governor.” Of course, everything smѣkhom ended.T.Rcolumn:On December of the month of 1908, after being visited by us, together with Prince Gorchako, we were sent by the Governor of the State Bank of St. Petersburg, the official secretary who sent us an open book sent many times. The Varvara hotel, on the corner of Voznesenskogo Avenue and Kazanskaya Street, where I was staying, a letter with a proposal to see him. and to talk about the delivery of a solid party for the army, I immediately went to his apartment at the indicated address. They asked me a lot of questions: can I arrange the delivery of up to half a million pairs of boots for the army, besides the quartermaster's bidding and for the prices. 2-3 cheaper against. Quartermaster for the preparation of the current year. I denied that I alone couldn’t make such a quantity during the year, but I could do the same with the other Dolgush or the other Vakhrushevs in the campaign. They said that he, having ties, is engaged in mediation for a missionary remuneration, in order to have a side income in excess of the salary services, which are very limited, and Petersburg, in order to maintain connections in higher spheres, you have to live and spend more expenses. “Thanks to connections, I sometimes arrange more and more money to give me many tens of thousands of rubles, completely legal. At present, I have the opportunity to arrange_______1068_______a solid supply of army boots. "I asked him the terms of mediation. He rejected the fact that 5% of him had the total amount at the rate. I said:" This is 150 or 175 thousand rubles for mediation. It’s not suitable for us, we don’t earn such an amount during the year, working with the expenditure of capital and real estate and bear all the risk of any chance during the course of the year. ”Think, he unscrewed:“ If you are going to put in at least half a milli if she is alone, or together for three, I will take 10 kopecks for mediation. from. couples, I won’t take it. If from a three million population you couldn’t earn 50 thousand, then, on our Petersburg scale, you shouldn’t be able to do this, do it yourself, without any mediation, if you can. ” I rejected that I would advise myself to confess to that person, which I mean attracted to this business to participate in the supply - half or a third of half a million, and then we will see through I-2 days. Then, in Vyatka province, apart from our shoe factory, a mechanical shoe factory appeared at Alexander Petrovich Dolgushin. In the evening that same day I called A.P. Dolgumina, I told him that there was an offer for the supply of army boots until she received, in addition to the Quartermaster trade, through an intermediary who required 10 ks. pairs and price should be 2 or 3% cheaper than the Quarterly compound annual procurement price. We alone with such a quantity, can’t quickly cope and "I decided to offer you, would you like to take all this quantity in half with our company." A.I. Dolgushini unscrewed: "Ifit’s a serious and solid institution, I’m ready to go to the company and find the conditions acceptable. 25,000 pairsѣ you and I are free_______1069_______but we make it, it's 1,000 pairs a day, and if you don’t have enough of your soft booties, we’ll partially bribe our own Vyatka breeders. "Start asking me: what institution and who is the intermediary. I repelled that the intermediary. I won’t tell yet, because he himself didn’t find out how much he serves for trust, and until I make reliable inquiries about him, I won’t sign any agreement with them, and they still haven’t named the institution where the delivery will be. "Having secured your consent, I’ll be in 2-3 days s ny conversation and develop a written contract. When everything is ready, then I will tell you and, together with him, sign the agreement with them and agree with the institution. "A. 11. Dolgushin said:" I finally agree, come on, arrange. "The next day, my new friend the mediator himself came to my room at the Varvara hotel and said: "I have prepared an agreement with me for mediation - a reward, and if you sign it now, then I’m ready to declare your name for 500,000 pairs of boots. Sign it and tomorrow you will have the delivery approved. "I took from him a draft contract for a fee to him for mediation. After reading, I said:" This is acceptable, everything is exactly as we said. But I still want to get acquainted first with the details of the delivery and establishment, with which you are planning to make a deal for us, but you can’t make a piece of money for three or three and a half milli rubles, without knowing in detail, you will have to deal with CE, "I will be required to put on my boots, and who and where to take them, and how, where and when, who will pay money in them." Then he pulls out the prepared goods from his pocketh- _______1070_______my name is a statement addressed to the chief of the Quartermaster, if you are invited to read and sign this statement and the second paper to write - an obligation to him for mediation of 10 pp. couples. After reading the statement to the Chief Quartermaster, I said: "How did you say that the supply would not be through the Quartermaster's bidding. I understood from this that it was not through the Quartermaster’s procurement, but some institution. If you would say right away that though not bidding, but still for the Quartermaster, I wouldn’t have a conversation about it, because I find this kind of thing not suitable and illegal, because I participated in the cake and declared one price, the bidding has not yet been approved and the refusal to approve not completed, may be assigned repeated I’m not bidding, and I won’t wait for the result, I will file a statement with a reduced price, as if to get out of the back doors through an intermediary. This is by no means come up and I categorically refuse to sign the papers and stop all conversations. If you bought with us, for the State Bank or any other similar solid institution, with a small difference in price lower than the Quartermaster’s, then I’m preparing to do this for you through Vasya, and for the Quartermaster - in no case do I have the right through the intermediary, considering it about dѣystvіe nezakonnym or to legally Nele. We have already been working with the Quartermaster for several dozen - for example, here too. To do this, there is a legal move - public bidding. "The next day, I informed Dolgun in that the case turned out to be a soap bubble or just a scam, so he didn’t have any detailstoldѣ.On this day, December 22nd, father of Ivan Kron of the Stadtskogo was buried, brought to the hearse from Kronstadt, Ivanovo_______1071_______an annoyance, along Voznesensky Prospekt, past the Varvarinskaya Hotel of Nice. And as I lodged in the Varvara Hotel, the whole funeral process passed by and we looked at the funeral process from above, from the balcony. There were a lot of people, the street was densely crowded with people. and the procession was drawn to about heavier versts. We did not see off to the Ivanovo monastery, in view of the fact that on this evening in the evening they drove off Vyatka so that they could sleep home by Christmas holidays. Following the next visit to St. Petersburg, I and my wife visited the Ivanovo Monastery and performed a requiem for the graves of the father of John.one.Provincial Zemsky collected Іе, the next for the 1908th year, instead of December, was opened on January 7, 1909. The governor Thor Prince I Gorchakov, opening the provincial zemstvo assembly, this time said the words: “I find that it is free for the members of the congregation to do surgical work; you need to look back and count - if all the patients are contagious, the surgical site should be safely postponed. to the side and indulge in prudent creative work, ifgot excited and destroyed something by negligence, then• please personally correct your mistake to the benefit of the common cause of the population of the Vyatka governorate. I wish you complete success. " Indeed, during this year, almost everything that had been closed by the previous assembly was restored. Two days later, from the opening of the provincial zemstvo assembly, F.P. Lѣsnikovѣ invited the governor to hunt elk in Vyatskiy uѣzdѣ, after Karin, you are the mast of the Larch. / This is a special breed of lѣsa, krѣlkіy like oak but not wider, similar to coniferous cedars, but has leaves._______1072_______Dzhlistnikovu Karinskie Tatars were informed that elk appeared in the forest - larch sow. It’s good to kill them, because they break from the city round the haystack hibernating in the meadows and raise the hay. But since this was official, there is a guard who constantly lives and hunts and shoots at this place, no one has the right without the permission of the provincial authorities. F.II. Tѣstni Kovi told all this to Prince S.D. Gorchakov. Prince Röschil did not slowly go hunting in Larch. Took B.E. Sadovskago and engineer A. Ar. Yakovlev, and Lustnikov invited me and Nikolai Ilyich. You have to go miles. 50 from Vyatka, through our village, through the Spassky village and through Pokach at the carino and across the leaf of the venetian forest. You left Vyatka to our village for two triple hours at 5 pm, we had horses in our village, we were joined by Nikolai Ilyich. We didn’t slowly go to the village of Spasskoye to F.I. 1ѣstnikov. The weather was a snowstorm and frost, to accompany us pohal, by order of the governor, the camp with N.N. Dikhailovskіy. Prince Gorchakovѣ with me in a cart on my horses, and B.I. Sadovskiy put himself in a cart to Nikolai Ilyich Vakhrush, and engineer. Yakovlev was a bailiff. Mikhailovakimѣ. Everyone, except for me and Nikolai Ilyich, had a double-barreled gun loaded with bullets. We arrived at Konstantin’s hour from 9-10 pm, had dinner and went on for 2 or 3 hours, we slept in the cart. At about 6 a.m. in the morning they came in - Larch trees. Ahead, ѣhal, showing the road, stand in place and flap - Nikov .. Нә. the outskirts of the forest all stopped, took out their guns, and knitted bells under the arches so that they would not make noise. We took a step and walk further along the dog, driving up to the center of the forest, wheregu*_______1073_______cost the watchman's hut. There are, apparently, 4 huge moose standing by the stack of sleep. One of them is a bull and three cows. Prince Gorchakov, Sadovskiy, Yakovlev and Mikhailovskiy jumped out of the carriages, took the guns in their arms for a drive and defeated the sleep stack. At first they won’t be silent, or, they continued to dream, but then looked back. Seeing the hunters, we ran to the right side from the bottom. The hunters did not reach this fathom of 30, they began to shoot, you were all empty or shot two. Apparently, the first shot of Prince Gor Chakov hit the big bull in the head, or up to the neck, the bull shook his head, got up on his hind legs, made a huge leap and kicked himself in, and the rest of the team quickly defeated him. The hunters ran after them and shot on the move, but they jumped quickly through the snowdrift in the snowdrift, while the hunters ran, drowning in the snow, quietly, and distant. between moose and hunters everything increased. Whether the rest of the bullets reached their destination is difficult to say, but as a result, all 4 moose were killed, and there was a trace of blood near the embryo, and along the way, where they ran to the dos, there were also not a lot of bloody spots. The hunters followed a mile and a half versts, believing that the trimmed elk had not fallen on the road, but did not find anything and returned. We, left with the horses, reached the guard's hut, prepared a kettle, boiling water for tea and a snack. Having gathered all the time in a watch house, we drank tea and had a bite. The hunters again went walking on the forest. At this time, having heard the shots of BE lѣsu, he came out of the village on a horse to watch out who dared to shoot in the state lѣsu. But, having seen the governor and the bailiff, he quickly became agitated. They began to ask him once again whether doshi were often there, and because of their vengeance they fought. Lѣsnik the watchman is now big_______1074_______by courtesy, they began to explain and show dividends, where to stand for childbirth and sleep, near which he was a visual moose. Hunters with a watchman walked along the forest for two hours, not a single elk. where no longer seen. While the hunters were leaving, we, with the help of our coachman, prepared breakfast. Having returned, we had breakfast, and lay down on the bunks to sleep in a hut. Since "there are only two bunks and for each you can lie down to no more than two people, then Prince Gorchakov, having chosen his left bunks, offered Zhil Mnl, as the thinnest snake, lie with him, and Sadovskiy Yakovlev went down to the second bunk. They slept in carts. They slept for two or three hours. After rest, the hunters still walked along the forest accompanied by a loxnik. Having returned to from the bush, they drank tea and ate again. Nikolai Ilyich thought of something like that, boasted that he should go along to the bloody wake and find a wounded elk. I didn’t pay attention to the fact that everyone persuaded him not to go. Two hours passed, Nikolai Ilyich didn’t return. They shouted, fired shots — no response, and the beginning by the evening was a little. The snow was falling a little. They decided that Nikolai Ilyich fell asleep to the nearest village and reached it. We gathered and everyone, accompanied by the guard, went to the village. Having passed BE village, it turned out that there was Nikolai Ilyich. The governors ordered the bailiff to collect all the peasant villages and immediately go out with them to search for Nikolai Ilyich. But the courtyard is already completely dark. While collecting peasants and lanterns, another half hour passed. At this time, Nikolai Ilyich arrived on a horse, entering the house, where we were all, turned to the governor and about_______1075_______to apologize for not listening to the advice of all, independently went away and got lost. Then see that there is no way back for him to the watchhouse. I went along the snowdrifts ahead, according to which Ikyu was directed, where I hoped to go to some village. Finally I came out unjustly to which village, the hired man was with. a horse, in order to take him to that village, where the official watchman Les Nik lived, suggesting that he be found with him. Once again, they apologized for making all of us worry, looking for him and waiting. But everyone was glad that everything ended happily. Everyone was afraid that he would get lost, beat out, lie down, fall asleep and freeze, and then, if he had blown + snow, he would have entered and nobody would have found him before the summer. Having calmed down, everyone went to Karino, tat, taram. F.P. Dsnikovugovoril of the governor to go to the tatar - they are very patriarchal and devoted to the Tsar and the Fatherland, and will be flattered by the governor's information. The Lesnik Tatars were obliged to try to persuade the governor to go to them, and the Tatars expected. About 8 o’clock in the evening we drove a carino with the whole group, a dozen two or three Tatars gathered in the best of our own outfits at the Samago honorable old man. Built according to their custom on the porch si hlombom-solo. When the governor was extinguished, he was put down to the table, laden with various phenomena, and served tea. Some of us came to the table and whipped up a glass of tea. All the Tatars stood on their feet and the Dutates, of which there were two, explained to the governor that some of them had a lawsuit in the provincial government because of the land, which has been going on for many decades, and they asked for a fee to do so - to resolve this issue in BE one way or the other. Prince Gorchakov listened carefully to them. -_______1076_______and said B.I. Sadovsky write something, as well as their de legat. I told the Tatars that we should take everything into account and, returning to Vyatka, instruct whom to follow, find out this matter and tell him why it lasts a long time, and then call the secretaries recorded by Sadovsky and tell them that it will depend on him , and on the law, they will try to do everything for them. In half an hour, are we all dead from Karina K.F. lѣsnikov. Have arrived in the village Spasskoye cha sob in II nights. There was a dinner prepared. Tѣsnikov still had a chance to buy a live sturgeon from the steamship barmaid, who kept it in a lively cage, all the time he was going to invite the governor and treat him with this sturgeon and sterlet. We all had dinner with the Lѣsnikovs and went to our place. Part of the night came to my house. Prince Gorchakov said: "I’ll lie down on Vasya’s bed for at least two hours without undressing, and then we’ll go to bed. If you ask from Vyatka by phone, please note that I’ve stayed with you for the night; At this time, Princess A.E. Gorchakova. I went over to the phone. She said: “Now they phoned the Spasskoye village of Kyo Lesnikova, found out that, the prince, you’ve fallen to Vam. When they call out to Vyatka.” I rejected: "The prince has already undressed and slept, ordered to say that they should not worry: he will sleep with me and spend the day tomorrow." The princess rejected: "Well, we will sleep too, we won’t expect him today." While I was talking on the phone, it was noticeable that someone somewhere our telephone conversations were eavesdropping. I told all this to Prince S.D. Gorchakov. He hesitated and dismissed: "This is what I expected, and therefore I will not go now._______1077_______wait another hour and everyone will go to bed. "At about three in the morning, Prince Gorchakov and the Yakovlevs mounted my horses, and at five in the morning they were already Vyatka, but they told us to go to the dam not by the big road, and oh !! the acarya down the winter meadows and past the Trifonov Monastery to the Alexander Cathedral, and from there on the opposite side they approached the governor’s house. ”4 It turned out that the governors were a secret - but warned that an attempt was made and he was punished again * him.nights waiting for him to return they wanted to attack the river or on a summer descent into a ravine. And princes AE Gorchakova telephoned us at night deliberately to advise the prince not to return to Vyatka at night, but to spend the night with me. B.I. Sadovskiy spent the night at Nikolai Ilyich, and the next day I went to the provincial assembly; Sadovsky with me and returned to Vyatka.On the day of the end of the provincial congregation, Nikolai Ilyich arranged for himself in his house, in his evening, evening - byala - for some reason, I don’t remember now, but I invited KE myself to Prince Gorchakov and Princess Anna Evgrafovna, Tyryshkins. Alexander Yaklevich and Nadezhda Vasiliy vnu, the chairman of the congress Urzhumskogo uzda Sergey Alexandrovich Smirnov and the precedent of the meeting "about the personal conquest of Ivan Stepanovich Teplov. All of them got to bed and spent the night before I had to go to Nikolai. On the next day, after breakfast, from Ot Nikolai Ilyich, the prince and princess went to Aleksandr Ilyich Jr., as he was considered a lover of dei dei and offered him to buy a horse backwater owned by Gorchako in Kaluga gubernіi, 5000 p., not smoP_______1078_______shaking. Alexander Ilyich talked with his brother Nikolai that it was too much for him to buy a backwater, and it was useless, but it was not convenient to refuse; Is it possible to talk to the rest of Vakhrusha and buy everything together, and when to bring the horses to Vyatka, evaluate each horse separately and divide by lot. Do not chop Il. suggested many more. Me and Mikhail Ivanovich Wahra. the Chevy agreed, but the Parfenovichi seemed to refuse. Horse backwater Alexander Or Whose bought, paid money. When the horses were brought, at a price they turned out to be lower than five thousand, their value at our cheap estimate. I said that, for my part, I pay the missing difference in proportion, proportionally, and I don’t need a horse, albeit at a cheap price - take it for yourself. Michael Eve. They took a horse and also proportionally dopla that; Alexander Ilyich took two horses by lot, i.e. for themselves and for me, and Nikolai Ilyich took one horse. So that the expense of a surcharge of about 500 rubles fell on me, but all this calculation was already made much later, about six months later, when all the horses had already been delivered. But what is it? neither the prince nor the guests knew that we bought their horses with the whole company, and they thought that Alexander Ilyich turned out to be such an amateur and bought alone. Get drunk with his tea, everyone went to us to have dinner and had dinner for 8 hours. pm to II o'clock. nights. In the hall 2 tables were set parallel to one another. who sat wherever they wanted. The prince sat at the first table, and the princess at others. They joked, had fun._______1079_______ it happened - the belt of the steam engine jumped off the pulley, but the mechanic I.N. Half a day by the car, quickly fixed it, and after about five minutes the electricity again caught fire. At the end of the meal there were Toasts for all. The last toast Prince S.D. Gorchakov take over. To steel on his feet and proclaimed Rost for the master and mistress, the good-natured and happy family members, they had 12 children. We wish them thirteen. Everyone picked up this toast with a friendly smѣkhom and “cheers”, saying the following: “Let us accept and try.” Applause sounded. At about three in the morning, you left Vyatka with the general company. After a while, my wife and I went to Prince Gorchakov on a nasty visit, and the Tyryshkins took our word for it, also with. Nikolai Ilyich, to reach them in two weeks at Shrovetide for pancakes.Having agreed on a certain day at Shrovetide, we were at the Tyryshkins, had breakfast: pancakes and ear-worn. In the end, they drank coffee and liqueurs with cold cream. Besides us, B & hr worse, the Tyryshkins had guests - only their closest relatives Nicky: Alexander Petrovich and Ekaterina Yakovlevna Dolgunins and Dikhachevs - son-in-law with his wife. Breakfast also continued for an hour and a half with more fun.In February, in the beginning of the Great Lent, it turned out that the vice governors, having received the status of the most recent state adviser, were transferred from Vyatka to Kamchatka by the governor. He went there: and with them he went away and B.I. Sadovskіy with his wife. Since Shidlov Skіy with Sadovsky was still very friends in Arkhangelsk, when there: they heard together; vmѣstѣ prіѣҳali and vyatka, and vіlѣstѣ went to Kamchatka.NOT Easter It became known that Prince Gorchakov and IZE Vyatka neN_______1080_______ transferred to the post of governor in Kaluga, where he has his own big name. But while Prince Gorchakov was still in Vyatka, under Gorchakov’s Vyatka, there was a priest at the Shidlovskago flotation vice governor, Grigoryevi. BE 11aѣ mѣsyatѣ prince Gorchakov steel is already being prepared for departure from the Vyatka. All officials and the Vyatka intelligentsia began to arrange for him official farewell ceremonies. I was at that time in Petersburg. Come in there with the managing director of the Volga-Kamskago Bank, Luka Nikolayevich Kiryanko, we informed Vyat Skіya the news about the Governor and the Ob! devices ѣ round. Kiryanko said: “Well, you merchants, just because you don’t have a good time with the governor are goodbye. It’s more that they were friends and guests, and officials, like his subordinates, because of necessity, don’t I invite you to participate in gadgets. You should - as a group, small, arrange such a ritual to wipe away all the officials. " I denied that I would gladly take part in such devices and hope that there are still a few people who can take this, but it is necessary that someone takes the initiative and take all the cares. It is necessary to attract the Tyryshkins to this and then ask. arrange a ride on the steamer with the orchestra of music and during the ride and take a walk on the steamer. Luke Nick. Kiryanko said: “Well, this is a good idea. Come on, we will take the initiative on ourselves, we will organize and arrange everything. We will buy everything here, from St. Petersburg and from here we will send all the participants by telegraphic invitation.” I said: "I have little experience in the same way, but with you I am willing but ready to take the initiative on myself." We went to the 11th Sea, in the astronomical and wine shop. Iletrova. Bought guilt from him and_______1081_______ different snacks. rubles per thousand. Wired A.Ya. You ryshkin have an offer to take part and lend for a few hours a steamboat for catania. They telegraphed Nikolai Ilyich Va Khrushev to the village of Vakhrushevo, Likhail Latvich Stolbov in the head. They all telegraphed from St. Petersburg that it would be desirable to arrange all this on the next Sunday, if, of course, Prince Gorchakov took our dress and if they were free that day, and we asked Tyryshkin to speak with the governor and to send the telegram away. To another? All day we received telegrams of consent, and that the ship will be prepared for laziness. On Saturday we arrived at Kiryanko V. Vyatka. I met with the prince and princess Gorchakov, then you went and sent visas to vice-governor Grigoryev with your wife? invited IHE; to. Alexander Alexandrovich Knyazev with his wife, they were invited by their president, editor of Vyatskago szzda /; to the Governor of the State Bank, Vladimir Ivanovich Tselkov, and he was invited. Nasl at the wok hall ѣ Rtil Mikhail Latievich Pillar with his wife: 1 Anna Ilya Nishna, just received from Glazov to participate in the meeting and thanked us for having guessed to invite them to participate in the meeting. Asked A.Ya. Tyryshkina give the order to the ship's barmaid to enter Volzhsky banks, to Kiryanko’s apartment, don’t you talk about the menu, and Kiryanko isn’t? On the telephone, he got into a call and invited a music orchestra. I sat on Saturday evening in the village, and on Sunday morning, my wife and I, at the appointed time, appeared BE Vyatka at Parokhodѣ. L.N. Kiryanko took care that the wines and snacks we brought from St. Petersburg were delivered by the bank. the doorman on the steamboat and there he was given the lackeys and the cook, and by the end he should have been_______1082_______. pick up and take away an apartment to Kiryanko. At the appointed hour, we Kiryanko first appeared on the ship. Two large tables were served on the deck there, and the musicians had already appeared and placed on the indicated place. We all examined, gave to lackeys. and all the servants our housekeeping orders and began to meet the guests. Everyone carefully gathered by the indicated hour. The governors of the princess prigali last; they were met by a music orchestra, a march, and the steamer set off immediately. First we went up the river with a mile and a half, and then we turned around and passed the city of Vyatka with music on a steamboat down the river. Having reached verst 5-6 below the Laptevsky factories, the ship was stopped in the middle of the river anchored. Breakfast began, with the same gastronomic and appetizers and a delicacy of your own, which you can not find in Vyatka, but only from the capital and are brought for special emergency cases. When it came to the sham of panskago, then the vice-governor Grigoryev announced that the toasts to Ina say everything in turn - men and women. The musicians. they called a mountain man who played the cornet-piston signal before each toast, and after the toast, the orchestra played mascara. When it came to me, I got up and started to speak well, but then I fell silent and fell silent - I listen to it loudly, apparently, I drank an extra glass, or I was just worried, wanting to color more, but there was still not much experience. Move five silent. You already have a canton of Luca N. Kiryanko: start prompting me a lot, double my thought. Finally, I agreed, toast, and then I confessed that the tongue does not obey, it fills itself. Apparently - they didn’t blow it, they slurped Nagy in the last words, they all laughed, and then the toasts continued after breakfast, some of them went to the first-class cabin, the game_______1083_______whether they had screws and drank coffee with liquors, and most of them sat on the deck, drank coffee and enjoyed the music. For about seven o'clock BE the ship returned to the marina for seven in the evening and went home. All remaining wine and snacks L.N. Kiryanko ordered to be brought to his apartment and invited the participants to go to his breakfast tomorrow. I went in one place, but the rest, it turned out, you could ente a few good breakfasts. The costs of arranging a boat ride and breakfast, we shared, cost about 250 rubles, or even more than 300, but, indeed, the conversation was for the entire province for a fractiongo.On the last day I met Prince Gorchakov at Peter Burg, 2 or 3 times in the evening. In the Garden of Aquarelum and in the Garden of Buff, it was completely accidental, but there was no reason for any public or public plumb.BE 1907, in the town of Slobodsky, Tayhayilo Ilrovich. Onchukovymі, a huge stone building was built on his land on Rozhdestvenskaya Street and was initiated by the government at the opening of a real school. The first director. Fate appointment Vasily Vasilievich Lozhkin. My children until now have all studied in Vyatka. talchiki in the Vyatka real school, and girls - in the Vyatka girls’ gymnasium, and whether the whole house was lodged by Klabukov, under the supervision of a teacher.In the year 1907, our eldest son Vikentіy BE of the Vyatka Real School did not pass the exam and remained in the second year in the 4th grade. When I met the director. Slobodsky real school V.V. Lozhkin, they proposed to translate manyand1 4 m_______1084_______of both my sons to study at the Sloboda Knein School in a real school, and advised me to hire a tutor and pass the fifth grade. After consulting with my wife, we transferred the wallpaper of our sons - Vincent and Nikolai - to the Slobodskoye real school. Indeed, having prepared through a tutor, V - kent_y was to accept the following class. Wallpaper boys, we will rent a room, or full board, to the teacher of drawing at Dulsky, so that they will follow their lessons for free. But it turned out that the teacher of drawing, Tulsky, followed the lessons of the students only in a superficial way, and not as a tutor. The next year we transferred to bread and butter. After studying in Slobodsky for two years, I spent both five years in class, Vincent was transferred to sixth grade at a stretch, and my school was in fourth grade, I took Vincent’s class to take, not letting him finish the full course really, and transferred Nikolai again real school in 1909. Pavel F. and Aleksey Pavlovich persuaded me not to let Vincent finish the course, they began to say that it’s better to teach commercial business while I drive myself for the purchase of raw materials and for contracts. delalt - and carry it with you, under my leadership EO M ь he will slowly get used to it. Vikentіy, having had such conversations, having a levy of 5 6 years and being still childishly naive, was glad that it was better not to study, but to open it up with his father. I did not consult with some intelligent people, I decided to listen to the advice of Pavel F. and finally took him away from school, I was very sorry about the consequences, and in general we all regretted that we transferred both boys to Slobodskaya, and then went back to Kol Vyatka. Thanks to this andіone.7_______1085_______it’s worthless. Iz Slabodskogo directors V.V. Lozhkin were translated into Simbirsk. When he was escorted, by initiation a. II. Onchukova was organized by a small group Slobozhan for director Lozhkina ѣ obdѣ in the summer clubѣ. I was also invited to see all the participants honoring the director. There were toasts. liquid; if not mistaken, the only toast was Onchukov. "proclamation for the outstanding V.V. Lozhkin as the 1st director and leaving us all for the best remembrance. Lozkin said his thank you, thanked us for the honor, and also expressed that we had the best of luck I feel gratitude to the school attendant and everyone who was personally in contact with him as friends and well-wishers. I didn’t meet the next director anymore, since I didn’t study at Sloboda school anymore.In the spring of 1902, on the first steamboat, a ship from ѣ and the Zhegorodsk province, a mason contractor, Taras Makarovich Tyur rin, with working bricklayers to rebuild the bell tower at the church in our village, in order to expand the church. The church in our village stood Ig or 20 years old and proved to be of little vengeance; it was initially designed for approximately 1,000 people, but it turned out that you have more holidays for the worshipers. There are a lot of people and it’s hard to get to church. Discussing the question, howto keep the church’s capacity, the most convenient and cheap way was to destroy the corridors connecting the church with a bell tower 4 fathoms wide, break the corridor walls and build a new nirin in the church, then the width of the same corridor would be 10 fathoms, but it would be ugly , see the whole church,_______1086_______it turns out to square 10 soot, length and 10 sazhen width, and the numberthe stake will seem smaller than the church - to disgrace the style, and most importantly - the capacity will increase by only 600-800 people .. Having come to the church with an architect. Willow Al. Charushin, they got the advice from him: to break the bell tower and the seedling 5-10 further build a new one, connecting it with the church with walls in the whole width of the church. It will turn out a beautiful and completely stylish facade and the capacity of the church will be up to 3,000 people. The cost of the entire restructuring will cost up to 20,000 rubles. Discuss among themselves all four firms of breeders. Vakhrushevs, allocated for this reconstruction 5,000 rubles, a total of 20,000, and decided to do as architects advised. During the winter, they prepared a brick from news and other materials. In spring, the contractors of Tyurin should first of all break the old bell tower, clean the old brick and use the old brick together, but wash them to build a new bell tower. Contractor T.M .. Tyurin declared that he would disassemble the bell tower with his hands and crush it with crowbars slowly, and the mass would break up bricks - half of them would turn into rubble and dust. Another way is recommended: to drop the entire bell tower on its side, and when it falls and, from hitting the ground, the bricks will sprinkle one on top of the other and there will be more whole bricks that will go round again. Thus, a big benefit will be obtained by preserving whose bricks, and most importantly, cleaning old bricks on the ground will give the opportunity to save a lot of time. PosovtovaHaving agreed with the architect, the last fully confirmed the opinion of the contractor and then advised to do as T.M. suggests. Tyurin. We, builders, bodies agreed that the contractor, Turini, drop the bell -one_______1087_______Contractor at the stage of Іnodgotovk. The front side was cut off at the stone belfry, the arshin was 2 or 2 1/2 high, and you chopped a place inserted a thick about a stand-up log stand, tightly wedging them. Thus, one after the other, 15 or 20 logs were inserted, and it turned out that the front wall was completely cut down and supported by logs. All this was prepared for the holiday, Sunday, so that not on a working day, all peasants from the surrounding villages and all workers could come to see an unseen spectacle, how to drop a stone bell tower, and by the way, they would pray for the liturgy and for the prayer service before the start of the construction. We brought all of our children from Vyatka and Slobodskoy on Sunday, so that they could watch. My son. Kolya was an amateur - a photographer, he had his own small photographic apparatus. On Sunday morning, without asking anyone or warning anyone, he settled down at our top house to remove from the window when the bell tower fell. Then he was 13 or 14 years old, the reality of 4th grade.vy, 6.Ch.-ұtra Sunday morning / contractorѣ Tyurin doused with kerosene and set all the logs up, supporting the bell tower. The audience began to gather toward the church and stopped on the highway, watched how the logs burned with bright flame, the bell tower being kept secret. But the baptismal bells and bells were previously removed, first of all, removed, and the bells were placed next to the church on a wooden temporary belfry. About 8 1/2 hours or about 9 hours, when most of the supporting logs were burnt, the bell tower began to lean slightly forward; over the entire back wall of the church, in one second she ran a gap from bottom to top, and after 2 seconds the bell fell quietly, and for a third second quickly, instantlyІ_______1088_______banged, fell all to the ground and apex directly into the gate of the church of the house. According to the contractor’s calculation, the whole bell tower, falling, fits into the church square, without closing the gate of the church of the house, but in any case they ordered to open the gate - to fly off some of the bricks in front so that the gates would not be broken. But by force of inertia, Kirip covered with even eggs in the yard and crushed the bird in the yard. When the bell tower fell, everything. standing on the road shouted: she went, fell, and when she fell, they all gasped. At this time, our photographer Kolya had a moment in time when the bell tower fell, he removed it in an inclined position and all the smoke and flame that had not yet been burnt up was a log. When the bell tower finally fell, then the remaining burned logs were covered with rubble and dust and the flame was extinguished. The audience began to express regret that it was a pity - no one imagined inviting me to follow Iz Vyatka’s professional photographer to take off at the moment of the fall and leave this picture as a keepsake. After a few days, Kolya, showing his picture, all showed the card during the fall and the second one - the church, and in front of it a pile of uploaded crypt. Everyone began to ask him to give the professional photographer a larger card and everyone who wanted to buy more cards, and Kolya kept the negatives at home, took him abroad and even abroad to increase his cards a few times and gave them to his friends. One such card was donated to Metropolitan Evlo Guy of Paris, and the second to Archbishop Vladimirov of Nice. But first of all, Kolya sent this picture. V. Petersburg, you are the editor of "Niva", with a proposal, if you consider it interesting, you can put this picture in a magazine. "Niva", but to him,І_______1089_______BE type of fee; during the year, Niva magazines were sent for free. They rejected him from the editorial office that, with gratitude, he would accommodate and send him the annual publication of the magazine, but ask for at least three postal expenses to cover at least postal expenses. Kolya agreed and translated three rubles into the editorial office. V.A. 21st, May 23, 1909, on the pages 390, in the middle, there was an area of ​​this image, with an inscription below it: 1asking to rebuild the stone bell tower and take it to 10Saya. The church, which was decided to expand, was entrusted by the authorities to the builder to demolish the bell tower; remove the cross, the bell tower was hollowed out on the bottom three sides, the hollowed-out place was filled with thick smashed wooden supports, doused with kerosene E and set on fire. When it burned out, the bell tower fell. Photographing shot that video of a fall by a photographer-amateur, realist. 4th grade n. Vakhrushev .. "" The fall of the bell tower in the village of Voznesensko-Vakhrushev, Sloboda district, Vyatka province. "This is the issue of Niva magazine by my son. Nicholas re-wattle the cardon crust and stored as valuable documents, and exported with all the photographs and negatives abroad, wherever and for all time, he rummaged in his full safety.Elections of deputies to the third State Duma were held in 1907-42, while the governor of Vyatka was still. Prince S.D. Gorchakov, and already according to the amended election law. During the election, I went to Siberia, and therefore, among the electors. I did not participate in the Third Duma. The majority of the constitutional democratic parties belonging to the Vyatka province passed,Түрі,_______1090_______the so-called cadets. Of them I knew only the teachers of the theological seminary Lipyarov and the priest of the city of Yaransk, father Alexander Popov. Both belonged to the liberal parties. Lipyagov’s cadet, and Alex, Pogov — I don’t know exactly which party, but I suppose that I’m also a Cadet or Trudovik, but I personally didn’t meet them, as well as the rest of the deputies. Vyatka province I knew absolutely no one.When I was in Petersburg, ordering me to visit the State Duma, I got tickets to enter the third State Duma not through the Vyatka deputies, but through the Kazan professor Godnev, or through the nationalist Prince Uruso wa, or through the monarchist Nikolai Evgenievich Markov, from. Who dug me and others. Princess Vyatka governor Anna Yevgrafovna Princess Gorchakova introduced the Vyatka breeders, writing a brief recommendation to both deputies on their business card / when we went to St. Petersburg to introduce ourselves to the sir as a deputy from the monarchist party /. On the card it was briefly written that, in case of need, we will turn to nickname as deputies. Duma, she asked them to provide us with lofty assistance, like her best friends. It turns out that she was a relative of prince Urusovylya, and Markov’s only political friends,During our meetings in. Quartermaster’s, when revising the Quartermaster’s descriptions and terms of supply, as well as in connection with the revision of the senator. Garin, the activities of the Quartermaster, indeed, for some reason, we had to turn to the apartment of Prince Urusov and N.E. Markov was two times, but I don’t remember right now - on what issues, and whether_______1091_______Іthey are nav at least indirectly of any benefit or not - I also do not remember. But I must note that the Chief Quartermaster paid a lot of attention and attention to members of the State Duma and members. The Council of State, that is, the people's representatives, when they were any kind of petition to it, for any Quartermaster, in the interests of their province or separate suppliers, or in general ordering of Quartermaster deliveries. Then the Chief Quartermaster accepted such applicants ѣ in turn in their office ѣ and, within the limits of legality, without prejudice to the treasury, tried to go forward their requests ѣ. Our visit to the deputy of Prince Uru owl, in some way, against our desire, came to the attention of the newspaper and was published in a few Petersburg. newspapers. Partial extracts from my private correspondence were also published to our commissioner, to the Kiev distributor, to Leonid Poiseevich Frenkel, from whom the Senator's review took all his documents and private letters, and from them, for which reason, it was necessary to publish extracts from some . of my private correspondence, which even for the audit didn’t mean anything to me, that is, did not reveal any abuse of bribery, but simply indicated that secret private correspondence was being maintained between the breeders and the commissioners, which for me was very unpleasant and slightly compromised me tell the quartermasters that I sometimes ask for my friends - people's representatives. But in general, these publications in the newspapers didn’t cause any damage, because nothing illegal or illegalthere wasn’t anymore.In connection with the senatorial audit, the last visit to Vyatka-_______1092_______a member of the Technical Committee for the certification of many sowing factories, to determine the productivity of those soon after his departure from Vyatka, prikhalal in Vyatka and to us. to the village, a military inspector of the Kazan region, on behalf of Senator Garin, ordered to question all the breeders, and if necessary, to examine the books: didn’t he take a member of the Technical Committee in Vyatka, during the inspection of the plant, bribes were interrogated he will reject everything or that during his visit to the backwater no one gave bribes to a member of the Technical Committee. Our backwater was also a witness, and I was also questioned. 11Oath the oath, I calmly and firmly denied that I didn’t give a bribe for the testimony to a recognized member of the Technical Committee and it didn’t require me. So do not undo Pavel Fed. and Alex Pavlo Vich. The last one even refused to take the oath. Indeed, during the departure of a member of the Technical Committee, after the inspection of the plant, I asked him: Can I thank you for your efforts. He said: “In no case. You see, now the senatorial audit is going on and all the little things can be interpreted for abuse, and there is nothing to thank for: I’m vigilant of the duty of the state service and I depend on me to do this legality. Your backwater equipment is better than everything, which I have marked out impartially. " This is the one and the ѣѣhal Iz Vyatka, I believe that I didn’t take anything from anyone. But when the senatorial revision ended, he still remained at his post; it is possible that many later went to his house in. Petersburgѣ and thanked. Byval and I have been with him, but already in connection with other affairs, a long time after_______1093_______senatorial revision, but never appealed to him or to other officials. Intentions with requests for illegal or unlawful actions and none of them met a slightest hint of extorting bribes.In 1908 and in 1909, two anniversaries were celebrated in the city of Slobodskoy. The first - the anniversary of the fiftieth anniversary of the death of the writer Gogol was celebrated by all of Russia. In St. Petersburg, in memory of this anniversary, the former Malaya Morskaya Street was renamed Gogol Street, and Slobodsky Street, on the occasion of this anniversary, was celebrated. the city’s parliament’s endeavor and, in order to mark one anniversary or another, the second city council stopped renaming the former Llestakovskaya street, Gogol street.The second anniversary in Slobodsky was celebrated in 1909, m. Year: the century was founded in Slobodsky. Public Anfi Latovskogo Bank. This anniversary was celebrated by residents of the city and the settlement of Slobodsky more solemnly. According to the decision of the city council, the main street of the town of Slobodskogo - Glazovskaya, on which the City Council and the Public Anfilatov Bank were located in this city building - was renamed into Anfilatovskaya street. Also, in the decree of the same meeting of the Duma, it was decided on the day of the jubilee to arrange a prayer service in the large hall of the Duma for the entire clergy of the city of Slobodsky and with an enhanced choir of the Pvvikhikh. The last prayer service, in the same hall, the solemn celebration of the vowels of the City Duma, open, i.e. invitation of honorary guests of their place, and invitation telegrams were sent to the nearest cities to homogeneous financial institutions., public banks and Vyatka State_______1094_______gift bank. They were invited to Slobodsky, except for the vowel, prominent merchants, breeders, the head of the district council, the abbess of the Slobodsky monastery and the abbess of the Slobodsky monastery, the head and guardian of the female gymnasium and directors of the real school. According to the Vienna Moleben service, the ceremonial sitting of the vowels of the City Council was preceded by the chairmanship of the mayor Ilya Ivanovich Rybakov. Opening the ambassador, the mayor expressed at the anniversary of the anniversary - public with the bank in the person of the first director and founder of the bank Anfilatov, offered to honor his memorystanding up and ruling - to serve On the very first Sunday, seigne in the cathedral, a solemn requiem. Then secretary V.A. Smolin read the brochure, biography of the founder of Slobodsky public bank, Rn Anfilatov, and details of the bank were opened. This brochure was composed of archival references from the archbishop Protopriest Father Andrei Zamyatin, a student who, by his own initiative, worked on collecting all the references and details and the digital material for more than a year, and then, having brought all the brilliant order, bring your work. Your gift to the City Public Administration. The city government, according to the decree of the Duma, printed a special book and ordered Vila to Announce, this is the entire publication during the solemn ceremony for the Duma’s opening during the jubilee and to distribute all the vowels and honors to the jubilee in one copy, and then sell these books by one 25 K. for a copy, and part to donate to the Slobodskoy Public Library, from which a young reading population who could not hear this publication could readanniversaryѣ. I was at the solemn anniversary ѣ ѣ ан ан в вAtone_______1095_______Honored guests, as a business breederѣ and a client bank. From the secretary we read, the booklet published by Zamyatin, we all learned that the founder of the first Russian Public Slobodskogo Bank, Mr. Antilatov, was ordinary ordinary. Slobodsky merchantѣ, with the formation of only a two-year-old ngo school. From an early age, he was engaged in local bread trade, and then exported grain to Arkhangelsk and then to abroad, selling first to Arkhangelsk abroad to merchants - to the British., And then steel and himself at his own risk. to export grain abroad, as well as fiber - laziness, in fairly substantial quantities, personally. I traveled repeatedly to England, France and Germany;). Partially partially European gloss and culture. Rѣšil’s to make his name known in his homeland ѣ open his own hometown л Slobodsky Public Bank, which would be cheap for subsidizing small local dealers in the town of Slobodsky and the district. Part of the income from the operation of the bank would go mainly to the maintenance of this bank and the development of the operation of the bank, and a small part would be deducted at the disposal of the city society and the budget * of the city Duma would be spent. Antilatov donated to the initial funds of the bank, ѣ fixed capital, 25,000 p. gold .. Based on the approval of the developed mouth of the mouth, and in 1809 was the city of Slobodsky. The Vyatka governorate opened the first public bank, and the city council elected then the first. director of the founder. Mr. Anbilatov. All this was through the Vyatsk Governorentrusted to Sovereign Emperor Alexander II the First. The Sovereign was congratulated by the highest thanks to Anfilatov and his hereditary honors were awardedfour._______1096_______citizenship. Full and permanent owner of this bank, s. the moment it was founded, the Sloboda City Society was represented by the vowels of the City Duma, who elected a director, treasurer and accounting committee for each three-year-old committee. For the time being, the founder was Anfilatov, who: until three-year-old, he elected unanimously the director, and after his death directors have already been elected from city vowels or from prominent residents of the city of Slobodsky.According to a resolution of the city council of 1809, that is, when the bank was founded, there was a prominent place of honor and a large increase in the size of the bank’s founder Anfilatova with an appropriate inscription, and the same letter of highest honor, she is an citizen of Antilatov with honorary citizenship. The working capital of the bank, provided that Anfilatov was in charge, as the first director, banking, began to grow rapidly, and in the first ten, a little more than a little over the fact that part of the bank’s income was allocated to the city’s budget for the needs of the poor population.The bank’s operations were not only limited to the initial 25–0 thousand rubles invested, but the charter provided for the acceptance of deposits nk money. The population of the church is at a low interest rate, long and short term on current accounts. Of course, these were at first small contributions, which then increased rapidly, were also distributed to merchants, industrialists, and part of the 11-20 city dwellers for construction or other expedient needs, for a slightly increased percentage, and this is a partial small increase in the percentage of money invested for storing chukya naturally gave the bank significant profits in excess of the banknotes received when they were the core of their investment capital. As long as Antilatov was alive and the director was, then_______1097_______I love the development of the bank’s operations, he personally kept his free working capital in the current account in Slobodsky. Public bankѣ, and therefore, since the first hell, the bank’s operations grew rapidly times and capital increased beyond expectations. The bank did not have any major disasters; there were almost no big smells for the customers of the bank on the bills recorded, with the exception of the loss of the case of the death of any poor resident of the city of Slobodsky, moreover, remaining for such a debt. Sank-ku - 200-300 rubles, was never exacted, but was written off to charity and was additionally issued for the funeral of that poor man. The town of Slobodskaya was two times over and the eleventh calamity suffered two times: there were big fires. Then the bank came to the rescue and, by the decision of the City Duma, issued irrevocable help to the poor Pogorye’s residents, a few tens of thousands of rubles for all Pogorye’s people, and between the last people was distributed by the authority of the City Duma, a specially elected delegation to the city council. At the time of the hundredth anniversary of the bank, the net working capital owned by the bank reached up to half a million rubles, and part of this capital is already in excess. Working capital, was converted to the State 4% rent.After reading this brochure, all those present were hidden but surprised, because almost no one until now had known how to establish a bank, with what means. How is it managed, and what is its material position. Brochure Mr. Zamyatin was so well and clearly composed and understood, she was listened to with all the attendance with great interest. Following the contents of this brochure, the received welcome telegrams were announced._______1098_______ we are: Ot Vyatskogo State Bank, from Vyatskarno The community of the Vennago Bank, who in his telegram to beep, that the young Vyatka public bank to send to bring his great grandfather - Slobodskoy public first Russian at the bank. There were telegrams from the Vyatka society of Mutual credit and private joint-stock Vyatka banks, there were several public banks from each other in the Vyatka province, and several telegrams of greetings were celebrated on the centenary of the public banks, and all the best to be grateful In 1809, which brought enormous benefits, not only the development of trade and industry in the Slobodsky district, but in the first instance it provided enormous benefits to trade and industry throughout R ssіi.Upon completion of the solemn meeting in the city administration, all the public and honored guests were the mayor and the bank directors were invited to house 1.1. Onchukova for a walk. In the large hall, Onchuk's new home, upstairs were serviced. Huge two tables, 70 people. For the first tablein the middle, the mayor placed himself, and next to him. - on one side - the head of the gymnasium, on the other - the trustee of the female gymnasium, the chairman of the district council of the district, the police, the chairman of the congress, tax inspectors, a member of the district court and the entire clergy at the end of the table. On the other side, the anti-urban head, in the center of the table, is the bank directors Dikhail Mikhailovich Dyachkov, having planted. next to him on one side of Ivan Timofeevich Vakhrushev, and on the other - me, as clients. bank, and next to me sat the abbess Olympiad. Both were abundant, corresponding torusP_______1099_______ to the merchants. For champagne, toasts began, which were started by the mayor and the director. Then the invitations to the hero of the day were spoken by the gospel and representatives of organizations, according to the established line of discussion and topic distribution. All of this ended; I didn’t represent any organization, but I see that no one toast did not say and didn’t take note of the rest of the results set forth in the brochures of student Zamyatin. I have taken the floor for over-intended distributed toasts. I began my post with the words: “At the solemn anniversary meeting today, we were all pleasantly surprised by the read reports on the biography of Mr. Anfi Latov and the hundred-year-old activity of our hero of the day, the Sloboda Public Bank, which is very detailed and clearly presented in German brochures. Andrievich Zamyatin. From this only brochure we first got to know who the founder of the Public First Bank in Russia was. We are especially pleased that he is our cousin, Slobozhanin, who came from ours environment, commercial and residents of the city of Slobodskoy, having received a small education, they themselves developed with their commercial business and from this business they received Euro peisky gloss and culture. It turned out to be completely Russian nugget. and loving their homeland and their environment, vigorous, from of which it happened, and they proved their love for this: the capital acquired by him in Russia and abroad did not live abroad, but he had a genial thought - to open a Public Bank for the development of local trade and industry and for charity mu population of his city. Brilliantly or genuinely, they had a statute that further management and development of_______1100_______it was handed over to the city self-government in the person of the elected vowels of the city, who chose a director and an accounting committee from among themselves and, while managing and developing the bank’s business, which was started by founding a television, did not destroy it, and in the course of time the bank’s capital from E 25,000 p. she turned into half a milli rubles. In addition, the bank annually extends part of the dividend for the city’s charity activities for the rich population and renders enormous material support to the best residents of the town of Slobodsky, twice-after-storm vigil, big fires. All this proves that the village I abandoned by Mr. Antilatov fell on fertile ground, that is, the vowels of the city of Slobodsky were at the height of the business that they were handed over and there were no accidents during the course of the century ”- this proves only prudently cautious vedenіe dѣla; brought it to brilliant results. Today, we are all present, with previous toasts to the occasion. the jubilee tea was welcomed by the bank director and all co-workers of the bank; city ​​government, honored the scorching founder; adhering to all these Tostalii, I still wholeheartedly, as a client of a bank, a business industrialist, proclaim a toast for all the vowels that governed the public. Bank before and managing them at present. I express my wishes for the further development of productive activities for the development and future activities of the bank for the benefit of the population of the Sloboda city and for the rest and proclaim “cheers”. All unanimously supported the "cheers." Then I got up again and said: “Oh, I wouldn’t have ended if I hadn’t agreed on what I feel and, I believe, not alone, but all present at the solemn jubilee session today, I propose to express brilliantly to the authorone_______1101_______thanks to the compiled brochure, German Andreyevich Zamyatin, many Russian thanks, and we shouted in honor of his “cheers”. Again all supported: "Hurray." After the end of the meeting, the first came up to me, Uncle Ivan Timofeevich Vakhrushev, put up a hand and said: “Thank you, well done nephew, I said well, at least, and from the representatives of the breeders I spoke with an absent word, but didn’t say it silently.” Then. Many vowels came up, shook hands and thanked. Thanks such a mayor and. directorѣ of the bank. The next day, we saw contractors of carpentry work, vowel of the city of Slobodsky Semyon: Fedorovichtheirs and said many: "You said the last toast yesterday and better than all, you especially liked the vowel of the peasant, who was simpler but more unhappy that none of our advanced vowels were able to repel you with the appropriate toast or, at least, openly say thank you, but everyone saw that the same advanced 11 came to you I and secretly thanked. " I explained to Likhov that it’s not customary to dissuade such toasts. And it is impossible for anyone who says toast to dissuade. At the end of the meeting, the mayor thanked all the presences, which almost made our common jubilee triumph, and that’s enough, and everything went as it should - I find it very well.- In 1908 and 1909, in connection with CE meetings by the technical committee for the revision of the commissariat descriptions, I became very friends with the Petersburg breeders - Alexandra Nikolaevich Brusnitsy, the chairman of the board of directors of the partnership Osipova and KO, Grigorimeliev Ivanov. They began to invite me to you guests, sometimes breakfast._______1102_______ In one of their visits, I expressed a desire to inspect them for water, if possible, and to familiarize ourselves with the production in production at the sole. It was with great pleasure that they led me to show everything how and what is being done. - As far as ash, I noticed that they have both, and another factory, the wool is very carelessly removed from the skin, without sorting, and lying around carelessly, for drying, in the corners, sometimes for weeks and weeks. I asked: "What do you do with wool. Why do you allow it to dry in vain. By that, in vd, you will not wash it." They explained that they didn’t wash, but squeezed out some kind of mu {{ik, takes it away and take it away, sometimes weave a tiny spot in the skin, and sometimes one that dried up in ѣ 30 liters, we just throw it away, we also pay him for Shipping to the lake beyond the city. I said: “Yahi call the wool yourself and from it we gain 50-60 kopecks each, but it is true that we have wool on the cow skin 11 are long and valuable. But it seems that your life is one penny for 20 c. skin help out. " They responded that they had no time, and there was nowhere to mess with it. "If you’re interested in eating, take it, arrange a wool wash at E Ilèesburg and take all the factories with pleasure; you will be glad to give you 5 kopecks or not more than 10 kopecks of horses. Personally. We won’t take more than a penny and we’ll be grateful to you, if you guarantee us to carefully and daily take away from the factory. " I said: "This interests me, and I have some thoughts and plans. I’ll think about these issues and at home I’ll talk some things at home. Next I’ll talk to you about this reasonably and definitely." They replied: "21st and now we say definitively that if you find the interest and it’s the right people to put this at work here, BE Petersburg, so arrange for yourself Vyatkag._______1103_______whom you intend to bring to this cause. Call and repair, do, though tomorrow. We won’t remember the word given to you, but we don’t have any agreements with the previous washer, but he will stop doing it himself, knows that we are not happy with his carelessness and realizes that we will sooner or later understand him *. Returning from Ilterburg to. Vyatka, I thought it necessary to consult with Peter Frolom. Lѣstnikovѣ, knowing that he was still an artisan san Oyanikov and married the daughter of the tanner Pavel Vas. Rylova, start washing the wool with. Rylovskago, for water and a little bit of income on this small capital. Prіkhav. K. Lѣsnikov, I told him in detail my conversations with. Koshurnikov and s. Brusnitsyn explained the quality of the wool and the price for it - 5 kopecks. c. leathers, with Brusnitsyn and koshurni, for example, to promote assistance, that if necessary, you can buy from all the rest of the II St. Petersburg plantar plants. 5 to 10 kopecks. c. skin, not more expensive. F.I. Lѣsnikov, listen to me, I’ve said: it’s the wool of the foreign sole plantar raw materials that the horse knows: “She, of course, is much worse than our Vyatka wool, but the price is 5-10 col.c skin is so cheap that it will be good for, but you have to immediately wash the machine of my system. First you have to try two plants and then pick up the whole Peter Burger plants. There you will find up to half a million leather and work and you can make good money. If you want, take it from us - our son-in-law of Nikolai Pavlovich Krasnykh, he has a birthday You can set up a trading house. " Hail to H.11. Krasnykh, Lѣsnikov sent him to me, and he began to insistently ask me to accept him in the company, say that he could contribute up to 30,000 rubles to this company._______1104_______We have gone and you went to Vyatka to consult with a notary. Ermin - geldom Petrovichem Sventorzhetsky how to arrange it. As I am a companionѣ. manager of the trading house "FT Vakhrusheva Sons", then I personally do not have the right to enter the business partner into another trading house. Notarial advice to us! a trading house for the treason of my wife, N. N.II. Red. For now, we stopped at that. But first, they wanted to leave you in St. Petersburg, to find a suitable place for installing a wool washer, consider the cost of the cost of such a construction of a wool washer, and then finally arrange our company - notarially establish a retail house. On my next trip to St. Petersburg., With me on N. Khal. Reds. I brought him to St. Petersburg Ос to the Osi - Povo and Brusnitsyn factories to look at the wool and introduced me to the directors of the plants ѣ. I’m asking you if I’m looking for a place to install a hair-washer, we also have the factory director, A.N. Brusnitsyn and gr. Kosh urnikov were advised to search beyond the Narva outpost near the seashore. I asked the Reds to do this business, to go to the indicated address, and, moreover, to another place. N.II.!: There are three days on the outskirts of the races. Petersburg along the shores of the gulfs of Russia. Finally, we found out that the best place is for the Narva outpost, along the Peterhof highway, on the banks of a small, dirty river that flows into the sea, and there’s a lot of factories along this river, and you’re very clear of Putilov’s backwater The factory and the sewage plants descend into this small river, therefore, on this small river, grind it and pour in the wool and lower the ash water into the small river after washing. In addition, right next to it there is an artificial diversion channel, it has more clear water. Last time, from the MO SHO channel, use water for maG_______1105_______tire flushing. I have a hangover with. Krasnykh to inspect this place behind the Narva outpost. It also seemed to Ankh that this place was suitable in all respects. Found the owner of this plot of land. We negotiated with them about ten-year or 20-year lease terms, with the right to make constructions on this site and use the river and branch channels EE so that they could help the local authorities to grant permission for the establishment of a wool house and other services - by the house, and so that it would be official to resolve this production with the idea that all impurities will go down the stream. The owner assigned a rather substantial rent - 500 or I 000 r. for a year. / Well, I don’t remember now, and I wondered that at the end of the lease term all the buildings remain in his favor. We promised him that we won’t bargain especially, but we would only finalize the contracts if we receive official permission for the above production. Leave the precondition on paper, sign this side, and the owner of the site on the next day S.N. The Red Nooks went to 24-hour institutions and within 3-4 days received a full range of them: I E.II. Krasnykh and Ap. Al Vakhrushi voi s tl, that we have the right from now on to manually wash the wool before sewing the wool factory II_oka. In the diversion canal and all sewage, let the small river flow, and through it the BE sea. We again went to the kosh urnikov to the factory. Osipova consult after showing him a preliminary agreement with the landowner and once resolved. G.I. Koshurniko approved, saying: “Begin with the blessing of God’s good part. Make out and arrange_______1106_______get along quickly. "We, N.I. Krasnykh, returned to Vyatka. We performed a notarial act at the notary E.I. Sventorzhetskago, setting up a trading house under the firm" N.II. Krasnykh and Aii .Al.Va Khrusheva ", with the main capital of 60,000 rubles, that is, 30,000 rubles each party invested. IIricheni agreed that permanent residence in Petersburg and the management of the house and the cashier accountable to the partnership take over N .II.krasnykh, and Apollinarіya Alexeyevnaах Vakhrusheva is granted the right to exact control, personally or through trusted persons, and also to purchase wool from Petersburg breeders and, if possible, to help with the sale of% wool to Nizhny Novgorod fair, either personally or through dover After they returned to St. Petersburg a month later, they made a contract for land ownership in the name of the ear of the trading house Krasnykh and Vakhrushev. We brought hand-made hand-made wool from Petersburg to Vyatka. on the other side of the canal there was a temporary hut on the ice, they installed a hand machine, hired an orderly maid to inject, provided the driver agreed to carry ash ash daily from the plants. Brusnitsyna and Osipova. They engraved a shalan on ice, but a prayer service and began washing, using one hand machine and a man 10-15, in a primitive way, in baskets. We looked that the washed wool came out good. Highly versatile battery powered, they tried to roll with their hands; It turned out - riding even better Vyatka. They decided the first winter like this and continue the handed job only by picking up wool. Two plants, if you need to build a second hut next to the ice and put another 15-20 bathes, wash it in the baskets manually, and then darkenR:four_______1107_______to build a woolly hut gradually, find a locomotive engine with steam power, buy a used one on the occasion, not expensive, and also in no hurry, order to make a wool wash machine, according to the L моделиsnikov model, until pieces 4-5, and then, if purchased wool from all the factories, then order 5 more machines and arrange an artificial dryer from the locomobile with outgoing steam, but for now dry the wool in the sun, to the ground, as it does for all Vyatka factories. To dry the wool, they rented a good lawn from another landowner nearby, on the other side of the canal, which was very suitable for us, convenient in all respects, and very close, and we took a good price for it. Guy, only the cost of sleep - grass, how much of this lawn was annually gained from the sale of this sleep. The apartment for N.P. Krasnykh was rented in the house of the owner of this oven, i.e. very close to the wool production, which was a great convenience for Vomi, as work began daily at five o'clock in the morning. Krasnikh got up in the morning at 5 o'clock and went out with the workers at the same time in a wool-proof room and saw - all of the orderlies neatly arrived at work. If he had to rent a apartment in St. Petersburg, with me in a hotel, for 5 versts from a wool-wash, he would have to get up and go behind the Narva outpost an hour or a half earlier. For the construction of a wool factory, we bought a compartment or at a log warehouse for logs and hired carpentersto finish a wooden backwater, but on a stone foundationѣ. For the foundation, Nam accidentally had to buy an old brick pick and stone from buta at a corner of Nevskago and lfa loy Korskoi, which was being rebuilt at home, very inexpensively, since the contractors had to take it to a landfill out of townѣ. You tell him -t_______1108_______Whether it is necessary to bring Landfills to us for the Narva outpost, and they offered to pay the truck the difference in the cost of transportation, in proportion to the elongated path. All this was done without any need for skiing, and in general no one from the Vyatka breeders knew what we were doing. BE Iléterburgѣ wool wash. But often to see that the Reds go to many of the hotel rooms and have something to negotiate with me. Once. A.P. Dolgushini. Krasny asks: “What are you doing in Petersburg? We live at the Quartermaster’s bidding, we take deliveries, but you don’t have a factory at your place, and we don’t show up at the bidding - it would seem that Val in St. Petersburg has nothing to do, but I see you all the time . " I, really teaching, say: "Yes, he apparently wants all the same Burger AE & itelome to get rid of; it’s weak But that on Nevsky Prosnok t domkulil." Dolguchin dismissed: "Well, before that it’s a long way to go, he don’t have enough money to buy a house on Nevsko 18, but apparently it’s not in vain to live here: you are planning something, about Sniffing." n.p. I’ve decided to say: “At all the will of God, if God resembles me, maybe I will find something for myself under a suitable case in St. Petersburg, because of my own strength and intelligence”. I took away the debt: “God forbid, I do not control and do not have the right to get your information. If you asked me, it’s so easy to curiosity, believing that if you have a secret, you yourself will just fold it. ”And I again say:“ You * tell the truth that you bought it on Nevsky House, so you don’t lie. If you go half a year or so, you will begin to have a housewarming party, then you will see grease again. "A. 11. Dolgushin. Unscrewed:" Once again I will say: “God forbid, but for now I’ll wait for the invitation.”The first year or one and a half washes out._______1109_______do manually. At the same time, the building of the building went on intensively: we bought it and bought a good locomobile, ordered a steam dryer according to the Lниковsnikov model of the car and foreign drawings. In those prices of a kind of hand-washed wool and dried on the lawn of sun and water, they sent the Nizhny Novgorod Fair and sold it. Buyers recognized it by washing and honor for skating rinks and koshma no worse than Vyatka, but only shorter, and only priced two and a half two pounds cheaper than the Vyatka ruble. When we found their price to be acceptable, then all the valenchiki and koshomiki fell off buying it willingly. Finally, our wool is the same backwater that was completed already on the 19th and 1st year. Then we won St. Petersburg with his wife and two sons, Borey and Valerianom, and celebrated the one-man shop opening with a solemn moleben and official room for apartments N.P. Reds. A.II. Dolgushin, looking for a warm-water backwater for housewarming, asked NP Krasnyҳ: “This is your house on Nevsky Prospekt.” We explained to him that the foundation was built from part of the house that was breaking on Nevsky, and we are part Kirip icha and stone kup or andtransported beyond the Narva outpost and made the foundation from it. When the cars were put into action about us, then we bought wool from the factories of Alexander Alexandrovich. Paramonova, at the Skorokhod partnership and from all other plants, at a price of 5 or 6_______1110_______. you can’t wash it clean. You arranged chant or boxes around the plant, closed with lids, where the carriors dumped the wool that did not fit into the factories and filled the box with cold water. So she lay in the water until she reached her turn to flush. Since we have increased the quantity of wool, we began to take care in advance of our products BUT YOUR sales market eliminates the idea that if we brought all the wool to you, you will have the Nizhny Novgorod Fair, which until now had not had any wool, but some kind of wool Koshems were satisfying, they were afraid that they wouldn’t bring down prices for all varieties of self-harm, both in St. Petersburg and in Vyatka, to compete with other areas of wool and to compete with other offers of wool. Vin was sent to Vyatka to make a commission to Sergey Alekseyevich Rukavishni Kov, since they already traded in the Vyatka factories, i.e. I bought in bulk in the spring from Vyatskiy or Slobodskіkh breeders of poods 500 or 1000, and then in winter I sold at retail valen shchikam handicrafts from poods to 25-pound pounds. At the same time, having eaten wool in Vyatsk, he agreed to try to sell TF as Valenti - Kama and St. Petersburg wool. Personally, I was convinced by him — he found it profitable for Valencians, because a good 10 skates, is washed well and is cheaper, only a shorter length. One St. Petersburg on boots is not suitable, but with. Vyatka should go well. We guaranteed him that if it’s not about giving one trial, then we will take it back. But for the first time, we asked him to insistently or forcefully give each his own! at the buyer valencik at least for nothing. one pood for the sample. .BUT. We put on a nickname, having received a wool carriage in Vyatka, they immediately gave_______1111_______bu to each of its customers valencik. After some time, all the lovers, having arrived on the market day in the city of Vyatka, themselves began to ask them to sell Petersburg wool to them for all the needs of their winter felted work, to whom 50 poods, and to whom 200 or 300 pounds. I’ll take it that they will take a conditional price for a week and pay only for the taken bale or two money, and the rest of the purchased amount with a deposit so that it was kept until spring by S.A. Rukavishnikova. After a week or two, the valenchik has the right to again take one or two bales or more and again pay only for this amount, and the deposit remains until the entire amount is removed. S.A. Rukavishnikov, we were warned that they could sell it no matter what they demanded: "Sell it - wire it, the wool will be sent immediately, there will be no delay in sending wool from Petersburg." In this way. S.A. Rukavishnikov immediately for the sale of wool several wagons and wrote to St. Petersburg to send not all of a sudden, but regularly every month for 1-2 wagons during the winter. The rest of the wool from St. Petersburg was sent to the Nizhny Novgorod Fair. But St. Petersburg handicraftsmen, rolling cats and reselling these cats for construction to contractors and suppliers of artillery and cavalry harnesses for the army, in which the cats go on sweatshirts to the clamp and saddle, lined with leather, found out about our good washing of wool. Kustari, who is such a kokhim, themselves came to us for work for usvod, bought a sample of wool and were satisfied. Then under. ranks, buying up handicraftsmen of a nightmare, finding out where they getgood coat, they called us in and offered us to set up a workshop to roll koshma and directly hand over koshny to them all year round, both for buildings and for the military_______1112_______state. We made a calculation. It turned out that selling my con is much more profitable. Arzamas wrote in the Nizhny Novgorod province, it turned out that you can get special workers kosho vishchikov from there, work as much as you want and at the right price, work like that, since you got a lot of weight. We see that there is almost no risk at all, as well as reputable supplier firms to work consider interestNothing but artisans. You made an agreement with the suppliers, you wrote to Iz Arzamas for several people, immediately built a second wooden long but narrow one-story building near the wool mill, and nightmares began to work in it - both for construction and for the army. Kromѣ Arzamassky workers, we took and local. * Workers from handicraftsmen. Thus, we were even more prevented from selling wool, and, besides, along with one wool company, we had the second enterprise - a cat-made one, which lasted until the revolution. During the revolution, N.P. The Reds burned a plant of terror from the factory and hid in Arzamas, where he died. suddenly. What happened during the revolution later with the remaining factory and machines, so far it is not known to this day..?I have previously reported that in “Tiflis” is our largest consumer in the city of Adelhanov payment suspension; atAt that time he owed us a debt of up to approximately 140,000 rubles in promissory notes. All bills of exchange were recorded in different banks in Moscow and part of you are Vyatka. We had to redeem all bills of exchange from the bank in ourselves and there was a need to somehow find out the reason for the non-payment and postpone - to take new bills or present for collection through a commercial judge, declare Adelkhanov,_______1113_______ insolvent. In the last case, you must personally attend Tifli and act through Tiflis attorneys. Pavel Fed. start to say that he himself. Go to Tiflis not to dare and not to let his son go, he is afraid that he may hire some sort of gold and money and kill or poison all the bills and steal all of the bills, and also don’t advise to go by yourself in the dark, but it’s better to hire some good from Vyatka lawyers ѣ and send him alone to act by proxy or, even better, together with one of our employees. After a thorough discussion and advice with the bank managers of Vyatka, we decided to hire the Vyatka lawyer Pyotr Karlovich Renault and, on the other hand, sent our accountant Mikhail Petrovich Ivan Nova, giving them complete power of attorney and instructions to end the amount of peace if there was nothing to be desired. Soon we received a copy of Tiflis from Ivanov and Renault that Adelkhanov explained the delay in payment by unforeseen circumstances due to senatorial audit and other. No discounts are required. Ask only to wait, take the whole amount of new bills, starting a month later, the worm will pay 5000 rubles every 10 days and you are hoped to pay everything in full and even at interest. We rejected - asking for cash at least 20,000 pounds, an extreme of 10,000, the rest with promissory notes, but at the very least agree with his offer. Judge not to file and not to declare insolvency. Well, now I don’t remember, it seems 10 or 20 thousand Adelkhan’s distance in private, the rest issued new bills, the main shareholder of G.Ғ. Adelkhanov and company. For the last time it turned out that they took someone into a company and established a joint stock company_______1114_______society. The promissory notes brought from Tiflis again took into account Mo ’bills and a small part of Vyatka. After a month, you again began to meet the deadlines for new bills and Adelkhanov began to redeem them carefully. So two or three months passed. The joint-stock company Adelkhanov and the company again suspended payments on new Е bills. Again, bills began to come back in protest. Namt again brought the Los bills to buy out the banks. Then we began to conduct mail correspondence with Adelkhanov that "we went to meet you, deferred and we called you, but without any explanation and offer you stopped the payments and new promissory notes, and put us in a critical position to redeem bank with protests. “The last one is undermined by our personal credit. We ask you to explain what all this is caused by and how. You intend to settle this matter. Or you leave us to stand on our own.” It turned out that Adelkhanov’s under the circumstances. and unfortunate cases, for all his wishes, he could not continue to pay all bills. It remains unpaid up to 80,000 rubles, which they should ask for an installment plan of three or four years. If we want to end the matter immediately, then one of his friends would like to drink with us. all bills of 15 kopecks. for the ruble. Otherwise, he will be forced to reconcile with the fact that we will bring a court to recovery, which will give an excuse to present to the rest of his creditors as well. To be declared insolvent, everything will stop and the goods and property will go with the auction. Whether it is more profitable for us, they are left to us to solve. We did not distract for a long time. Some of us advised to spread out for 3-4 years, others advised to take 15_______1115_______ While giving. Still others advised declaring them insolvent and putting them in jail (although it was stipulated that they could manage to dodge with the help of doctors - to present medical evidence, to have heart defects or something that, by law, it would be impossible to put him in jail. Finally, they wrote to Adelkhanova that you’re ready to agree to a peace agreement, about 50 kopecks per ruble, and for final settlement, please pass through 14 oskva or contact us at Vyatka. But we don’t agree to 15 kopecks. He said: “I will and I will persuade of their friends to end you with more interesting conditions for you, for all My creditors have given me my word to support me and will not be charged until you show your company as one of the largest creditors, as there is the slightest opportunity for settlement, with full I will fully send you Vyatka Vyatka Stephen Avetisovich Vartozaryants, with whom, I hope, you will achieve prosperity - the first result. ”In a few months,S.A. Vartozaryants. The beginning is that: “GG Adelkhanovѣ sent me to try to persuade Vasya to finish the deal. 15 kopecks per ruble, because his friend, who wants to buy all the bills, can not, or does not want, more than 15 kopecks All other creditors conditionally agreed, but I’ll say that if you agree, otherwise they don’t agree without you agreeing to buy it in other parts, ultimately said: either all or nothing, but I categorically refused to go , argued to Mr. Adelkhanov that if they did not immediately agree to 15%, then how would they calculate to agree to them on the same bargain._______1116_______ As a result of a trip, you need to add something, a hundred and fifteen, offer 20%, otherwise there is no need to go - send someone else who will undertake to arrange a 15% deal. Finally, g. Adele Khanov, apparently, persuade your friend to give you 20% secretly from others, the next day he said that I would definitely eat, and they said that if you could not arrange a business with the Vakhrushevs, then I would have no one else to send. It is necessary to provide all creditors with action on them. discretion. We still persisted in the day, trying to stretch up to 30%, then up to 25%, but could not do anything. S. A. Vartozaryants said one thing that was not in his power: "I told you openly my conversation with the owner, but I can’t add anything more. I tried your best, pulled 5%, but if you are unsatisfied then my conscience is clean before you and before the master. I am not in your post II il il ". We consulted with each other and paused that if we insisted on another 5% to get the extra, it would be 4000 rubles, let him go again for six months or a year, and if later would be able to get more - this is still fortunate. We decided that we are losing more, let the loss increase by another 4 thousand. Do not hold on to the head - there is nothing to cling to. And if we end peacefully, maybe in the future. Adelhanov will be our buyer. Have we done away with Vartozaryanzel, cabled our consent to Tiflis Adelkhanov at 20% per ruble, eat to transfer to Vyatka at Vartozaryants address 16,000 rubles. to transfer nai._______1117_______vzameѣnѣ Adelkhanov bills 80,000 rubles. After a few days, the transfer was received and we calculated with Vartozaryants. done, he went away back to Tiflis. But in the future, Adelkhanov did not buy shoe products from anyone, but he didn’t buy shoe goods from the Quartermaster because he refused to build the soldier’s boots for the Tiflis okrug from his goods, and his outfit workshop undertook to build the same number of sannogs for the Tiflis military okrug, already from Kazakh treasury, getting only for work, i.e. from the goods procured by the Quartermaster from public tendering. Trip BE Been tofied by Renault and Ivanova, except for the costs of railway tickets and their contents, the following expenses have been expressed. According to the conditions, we paid a fee to the attorney Renault for the sum of 3000 rubles, as well as to give M.P. Ivanov 1500 p. But just like 2 years or 3 years earlier, by us M.P. Ivanov was granted a long-term interest-free loan of 5,000 rubles. to build his house in Vyatka on Prison Street, then donated now. We deducted 1,500 rubles in repayment of their debt of 5,000. He himself proposed to reduce these 1,500 rubles, he had 3500 rubles left, and after a year or two the rest was written off in repayment for the same trip.In 1908 and 1909, private shoes were partly still used by us at the shoe factory to eliminate all the remnants of a cut-out part of an ovago yuft cut. Our voyager A. A. Usanov ѣzdil in Siberia to Irkutsk inclusive, selling to merchants in every city ѣ according to samples. On one of the trips, Usanov met with. Minusinski is Jewish. Israel. Moiseevich. Ber_______1118_______kovichemѣ, who informed Usanov that the Irkutsk Quartermaster was looking for a good factory supplier of soldier's shoes, up to one hundred thousand. Nar annually, but eat so that this supplier works Or a factory in Irkutsk and then they donate shoes. “Would your host Vakhrushev take this up. I would love to hear him from the Quartermaster, from whom I heard this. I hope that if it turned out to be a good deal, then there’s even a small fee to get over.” Usanov said: "Our owners have worked for the Quartermaster for dozens of years, I believe that their boots are also delivered to Irkutsk, but they are unlikely to agree to build a factory in Irkutsk." But just in case, Usansv recorded the address of this I.N. Berkovich, saying: “I’ll inform the owners how they can solve it - I’ll inform you.” I’ll return to our factory, A. A. Usa told us his conversation with I. M. Berkovich. We rushed to this in disbelief, for out of a long timeWe knew of her practice, that all the district commissaries of all military districts should prepare all the troops through the main commissariat, including the Irkutsk commissariat. But a lot of thought came to me whether Berkovich or our Usanov was in the wrong way. Is it not to be for the border guard to look for Manchuria to be a supplier? Having discussed. among themselves with. Pavel Fed., We reiterated a new request to write to Berkovich that although the company wasn’t intending to build a factory in Irkutsk, we were interested in your offer and would like to personally get to know you and have a more detailed discussion about it for you. But in order not to oblige one another, we will not make a complaint if you find someone who wants to build a factory in Irkutsk. And if it’s not_______1119_______will be realized until the next year, then we, with a personal testimony with. You will thoroughly discuss this issue. to the city of Irkutsk, since one of the directors of our company, not too long in the future, wants us to travel all over Siberia in conjunction with me. Then, before leaving your raion, I’ll leave Vasya in advance six months later. I’ll be with my son six months later. meet in • Tomsk. Having stopped in the city of Petropavlovsk, having bought raw materials and sending it to my backwater, I went to Tomsk from Uskentem. Usanov visited Chelyabinsk, Kurgan, Omsk, Kainsk, Novonikolaevsk Tomsk earlier, Tomsk Makarov and Georgy Mikhailovich Golovanov were already selling me sales, who were very friendly even back in Moscow, when he served as a voyager in Moscow with Ogrevov and Egorov, and the sons of Golovanov and his wife, George Egorova A.A.Usanov celebrated even at the wedding of Veniamin Golovanov, and when Usanov prіznal in Tomsk, always the Golovanovs were seven honorary guests. Sam Georgiy Mikhailovich Golovanov was a respectable tombstone of the city of Tomsk, he held positions in the elections of the vowel of the church, church elders in the cathedral and a member of the accounting committee in almost all the banks of the city of Tomsk. It was tall, solid, handsome, about 70 years old. To marry him was the second marriage. The family of his first wife had two sons - Veniamin, married to Ero a moat and living in Tomsk with his father, but in a separate house, and._______1120_______ the second, Sergiy, living in Barnaul and heading there to the entire trading house of Barnaulsk, leaving the trading house of G.! Golovanov with his sons, and being single, Samі G.M. Golovanov lived in Tomsk in his second house with his wife and third sonHONE ..yakWhen we arrived: V. Tomsk, us. Put us on the train station. Having changed into a hotel room, we are with Usanov and s. We went to Vincent’s turn to the Golovano store, and there already Usanov warned beforehand that the owner would arrive tomorrow and he should bring him first to know them, and then we had to go to the store. Golovanov was already expected. We enter through the store in the owner's office. Georgii Mikhailovich himself stands up to meet. Golovanovѣ. Usa introduce him to him. He reaches out and says: “I am very glad to meet you, but only by tales and by business. I expected to meet Vakhrushev with huge growth and fatness, and he was such a short and thin one, apparently, the phrase is correct:“ Mal zolotnik, yes dear ". Having heard about Vasya and you, you heard so much and fell in love with Vasya in absentia. We’ve reached your place with yours. Alexey. Alexandrovich’s done a little business, and now you just have to go for a walk. Have lots of fun today." I thanked, said that in the back of the dream, let the church in for a minute - another, and then, at the not specified hour, come to him, or again, let's go to the store. After visiting the church, we with Vikentіem see that it’s too early to go to the obd. ~ Again returned to the store. Golovanova, they started talking about trade affairs .. To his questions, where I was in Siberia and what I did, I told that in Petropavlovsk I bought raw materials_______1121_______and sent to the backwater, and now I’m thinking of driving to Achinsk, Mi Ninsk, Krasnoyarskt and Irkut ski, seeing my friends and raw materials on a place, and along with A. A. Usanov, introducing me and our shoe buyers, maybe there’s also a dance We’ll send something. G.M. Golovanov asked me: “And what do you want from our Tomsk raw materials producers to just buy raw materials:I said: "I love to see them; I am familiar with the Saidashevs and with the Mukhtarovs, but they always sell their parties in Tyumen, I believe that nothing can be done with them." G. M. Golovanov said: * Yes, conceive you to buy from them from the second hand, they are only resellers. I know that you are the best and most important killer, with the Kukhterins, you’re better and more profitable from them. Just me now. I’ll ask by phone, not aboutSaydashev or Mukhtaro. Haggle, give me a good part and have a good seven minutes to eat. ”IE Kukhterin got a statement of how much skin they had, what about, approximately, and told us that they had ordered others to hang on for something like that I’m valuing it, it’s cheaper to sell not for now, but the money can wait for bi 9 months, "of course, if_______1122_______George Mikhailovich tell you to sell, and with. You prichal, yet, I suppose, there’s no one to ask anyone else - he knows who you are lucky and recommend. But still I have to talk to the elders, Aleksen. "Call Alexei Evgrafovich’s house by phone. Inform him that" I’ve got an office at my welder and they’re G.M. Golovanov is called a swatch., Upon arrival / bring a good buyer, the Vyatka breeder is a shoe salesman of a vendor Vakhrushev and you ate ate to sell our whole lot, whatever you say. turning to Golovanov: "Alex asked how to put his form on the bills swatch. Vakhrusheva. "Mr. Golovanov rejected:" Do not need any form, so tell him. "Innocent Evgraf. Repeated these words into the telephone receiver and after a minute they hung up the telephone receiver and told us:" They said that if the swatch say so sell it. Let's pray to God, it's over. Tomorrow take the goods. ”GA Golovanov addresses me:“ Come on, there will be no concessions, they are reasonable, they don’t want to ask for love. ”I stood up together with I.E. Kukhterin, crossed myself at the icon, shook hands. I wrote down .. you got a memo book of the price and condition and went to Golovanov for something. Did you take John Evgr.Kuhte rin with you, but he said that if he had been happy, he would have gone, but having an urgent deal was already late. then, on another occasion. "For now, take a party to Shu, if necessary, I will also arrange for you a good goods party at Karym." Av at the old man G.D. Golovanov together with his whole family, after an hour they all brought to his eldest son Veniami -._______1123_______. Well, Georgievich, in order to introduce me to his wife, since I was acquainted with her as a father in Moscow. Veniamin Georg. Golovanov, for tea, I was introduced to a Polish specialist, a specialist. chronic. products that offer their services for the installation of a chrome plant and high quality mastersmanage this plant. The Golovanovs said they were not for usѣThey are ready to build the plant themselves, but they like the samples of chrome goods shown by the master and they would like to take H9 to distribute such a product in Siberia, i.e. trade chrome leathers. They suggested many, if I want to take such a master, and they, that is. Golovanovs, guarantee a lot of sales of the chromium produced, not less than a certain amount. I examined the samples and asked the master the condition that he wants to receive rewards for his work. The master appointed 500 rubles. get in and spit five forges. cod worked out duta. I asked him why it was a foot, at least 5 kopecks. from. net profit. Craft master: "No, only the worked out foot of the goods, and the master should not touch on the profit; the owner of the goods spend capital on raw materials, materials and equipment and costs when sold, he should receive all profit or loss. Often profit it doesn’t depend on one sale, and sometimes even on a purchase or a bargain, or not a timely sale, because of the urgent need to make money, don’t see the season. Often the owner sells a good product below cost. Under these conditions, the master should not suffer.and that masterѣ otvѣchaet, is that of the report has to ognes horoshago raw vydѣlat good product and the floor chit mѣsyachnoe their reward and plyus premіyu sѣ developed_______1124_______.nago feet. Of course, the prize is not given everywhere, but the two are mutual. the benefit of the prize is desirable, because it is of interest to the mother steadily strive to redundantly release several times weekly for her benefit, and for the owner of the plant owner, it is in the interest of heating that with the same monthly payment, he receives monthly tens of tens of dozensstep goods. But it’s natural that if a master let out a product with a quality lower than a sample from a ferment and on raw materials, then he would be deprived not only of premiums, but might be fired and terminated the contract. "I basically joined his opinion, having recognized his arguments as correct. But to say, that we didn’t intend to introduce the chrome at home, because now we have concentrated our attention on the supply of soldier’s shoes, but still we are interested in and a lot of chrome, and we wouldn’t mind using it until we had big sizes, but for the sake of a small sample we do not fit I’m going to take the masters under the contract, and for our sake it would also be interesting for us to lose time on a trip to Vyatka. "But you are the future, if you have the opportunity to accidentally be in Vyatka, I ask you to drop by the backwater to us, you will have to pay off this -other. "We at him exchanged an adrYes, and once became. Then more and did not see each other. On the second and third day, we cut open the skin from the Kukhterinykh and sent it by rail. Vyatka. During the passage of John. Evgr, I called by phone the raw materials - Tatar Karym to the office. In my presence I asked: "How much raw material do you have? Here you are a good buyer, if you do, you should also accept your party on our own terms." Karyi unscrewed: “III, please accept. I do not ask_______1125_______neither value nor condition: disconnect Kukhterin said: hand over, for us, the word Kuринterinsky is the same as a father, we are obliged to do everything as he says. Kukhterin. ”John Evgeny Kuh terin addresses me:“ Write down a book and take this part and take it tomorrow, and if necessary, let’s say. Karym, be it Vam to buy as much as you want for a small commission. "I unscrewed:" Thank you, so far we have enough, but we’ll talk about the commission purchase on our way back, when we return from Irkutsk to Vyatka. "On the first day of getting the skin, we Innokentiy Evgrafich vich took me away to celebrate Saturday, and on the second day he invited us all, and George Mikhail Golovanov, who was older brother Alexei Evgrafovich Kukhterin. appetizers. .. Tovlen priglashennymѣ spetsіalna luchshimѣ goods Tomsk Obѣdavshihѣ nas, including host and ho zyayku, was only 9 chelovѣkt Poslѣ obѣdennyh the stovѣ for to PV, Aleksѣy Evgrafovich Kuhterin appeals to mnѣ:. "You know vsѣh Vyatskih spichechnyhѣ fabrikantov. Would you be able to help us attract them to the All-Russia match with the Syndicate. We have been tormented with them for five years now, almost all of them have joined, and Vyatskie has only been slowing down the matter, they have not finally refused and are not joining, it is possible to organize a good deal for the common good of all of Russia, but they don’t understand and lie about their interests. I rejected: "Personally, I can’t influence them at all, and if I persuade them individually, they suspect me of my personal interest or interest of one of the Vyatsky matchsticks_______1126_______ two .. But I think that it would be possible to have all the Vyatskikh match matches and lubricants. to unite through the Governor of Vyatskogo branches of the State Bank, Vladimir Ivanovich іlelkova, if he agrees to this. Perhaps, I undertake to speak with them and ask him, since I am eating with him, very friendly. Result the negotiation for you. "Alexey Evgrafovich was very happy and asked:" Please talk the manager and act with you at the same time, but personally you will revive me and keep my course. " Joined in his requests and Innok. Evgraf., And George Mih. Golovanov whispered a lot: "If you manage to arrange this, then you will be a great friend. Kukhterin’s and thunder your name throughout Siberia." The kitchen men invited me and my son Vikentiya on the next day to inspect their match factory, and another day later to inspect their horse backwater, the best in all of Siberia. The match factory was located in five parts of Tomsk, the former Loginov and Lyapunov. In this factory I came and spent the night with V.S. Khilin, when prіzhzal. in Tomsk, to find leather for Kilin, on the recommendation of Ivan Alexey, Kazenin turned to M.P. Iyapunov, who at that time was living in a match factory, and he had a guest from Yekaterinburg, Kompanion Vasiliy Ivanovich Loginov. How to eat M.I. Lyapі unovymy, so and with. You. Willow Logino washed then I first time and introduced myself, and more V.I. I didn’t see Loginov - he will soon die in Yekaterinburg. The business of the match factory in Yekaterinburg was transferred to his son Stepan Vasilievich Loginov, and the Tomsk factory Lyapa nov and Stepan. V. Loginov was sold to the Kukhterin brothersѣ. As a result, having bought a factory for several tens of thousands of rubles, it was rebuilt anew by investing in construction and equipment butone._______1127_______the largest Swedish cars to half a million rubles. With me to the match factory Pohal Sal Alexei Evgrafovich. I didn’t recognize the former factory itself: I only remained in my former appearance as a small house, in which I then spent the night with M.I. Lyapunov. Now, in the house, the office of the factory and housing management were located. The former factory was transferred to a rural school and the hostel hostels ie for students of children and an apartment for a teacher and assistant. All factory premises and machines, steam engines, everything is housed in new huge buildings. At the other end of the factory site there is a well-equipped hospital with apartments for doctors and staff, including: midwives. A not very large, but very beautiful stone church and a house for church clergy were built in the middle of the factory site, a garden was set up near the house and a natural birch and linden grove was cleared nearby. Alexey Evgrafovich was with me a big bargain ѣ drove me everywhere ѣ and showed me everything ѣ and told, and when they brought to the church, he was most admired in the churchThey cited the church’s family vault with cooked nesti, nominal and, for all the Kukhterin brothers and their family. Upon completion of the inspection, we went to Innokenty Evgrafovich to have a good dinner. There the Tatarine Karyya was called there, which raw materials were also accepted._______1128_______ The next day, I.E. Take me and Vincent to the other side of the city of Tomsk, about 5-6 versts, in the name where they had a horse backwater, and Kara - fun with us. Look at the backwater early morning, yes, there the Nashis were already waiting. In a prominent. Mѣstѣ, in front of the factory, there is a terrace and chairs are placed on it; we all sat down in chairs. Innokentiy Evgrafovich ordered the groom to alternate each year, that is, first all year, then two-year, three-year, and so on, mothers and producers. So we si and watched for 2-3 hours. I was already tired and, poorly understanding the quality of blood horses, I sit - I call, and John Evgr., as an amateur athlete, watch enthusiastic and talk about almost every horse: what breed, what kind of blood, and where, under what circumstances what horse was outstanding, where, when, and what prizes it took. I listened in vain, “! Aryl. Sometimes I came to an argument about what he likes, but Innocent Evgraf is different, and the last one offers a bet that you see on the next fight, they’ll win, and mine will take the best prizes. It turns out that I’m the horses didn’t just run to the run of Tomsk, and every year their best horses were taken to the whole of Siberia, and even to Moscow at that time, when we were in Tomsk, three horses were sent to the runners of Irkutsk, and Innocent Evgraf. I think that today our horses run in Irkutsk and in the evening I expect a body Ramm at about rezultatѣ bѣgovѣ. Inspection vsѣh horses we zanyal half and another half-day examined vsѣ pomѣ scheniya and stables. All arranged by stone, with vsѣmi facilities for horses and staff. When konyuvtnyah lives chief veterinarian, two physician's assistant and nѣskolko Feldsherova and other_______1129_______ the staff. For all built appropriate apartments. All mothers and producers are not less than a hundred, and when young, a few hundred, and all of them are the office of the factory, keep full records and receive monthly reports to the main Tomsk office brother. Kitchen. And what surprised me the most was that John .E.Brp. know almost all the horses, their names, sights, you are especially the best horses. Tomorrow potassium, we will go to the office of the factory: the appetizer, booze and various fried game and fish were brought by the Kukhterins with us. To return to II Uchi, I save John. Eutre: "Well, does the horse backwater bring you any benefit, or even if it justifies itself." 1.3. Kukhterin distracted: "Annually bring a loss of one hundred to one and a half hundred thousand rubles." I say: “So you don’t keep it on such a grand scale. It would be nice to liquidate, or at least reduce it.” I.E. Kukhterin explained that this * we are keeping at the behest of his father. He almost came to Siberia, took up transportation, transported goods between Tomsk and Irkutsk, then became a contractor for transportation, and the last time a few thousand horses worked on his behalf all winter between Tomsk and Irkutsk for and back. At the same time, due to this, from the cart, I started to trade, I exported from Irkutsk to Vary Zabaykalskie, and there I brought from Tomsk to Moscow: a tour manufactory and so on, and thanks to this, I poured millions of them. Then they started meat business, i.e. cattle-breeding, feeding times. Siberian herds of cattle and selling meat to butchers; this also gave him enormous benefits initially. When he began to die, he told us not to quit either horse or meat, while alive, to support these affairs, whether they would be of use to you,_______1130_______or loss), but on the father’s side, from which the first money was made - do not quit. For this, the Vam God of happiness will give you other gifts. We go and try to keep the word given to the father. Vot. we have. now walk around the city, work lovnovina: triples, fifty, I suppose you saw in the city a working horse with large horses, with large arcs, with the inscription "Breaking ground of Br.Eyxteri them"; these are all ours, and there is no use to them either, but the glory of good is: “Whose horses are in the city. they said something, broke it, having lost it. "All to say: Kukhterinsky. Everyone again coming to Tomsk draws attention to the fact that almost every street comes across the eyes of a good Kukhterin skіya three, and all this is your father’s memory." Also cattle breeding, we first sold our root cattle to the butchers of the slaughterhouse. But at one time, the butchers conspired, made a syndicate, began to oppress us with value. We took, but opened our clogging house, opened our meat shops all over the city to the capital's standard, and began to sell me on our own, and their hotel was syndicated. This meat-making still benefits. But the horses were already enthusiastic and savory, wherever we let our horses go on horseback,he first prizes were received, and then let’s hear where the famous lo shad is for sale, as the manufacturer, nav and tele agents graph us “we buy it”. That's why there is good fame about the Kukhterinsky prize stable. "After returning to the factory in the house of Inno Kent_yu Evgrafovich, he receives an urgent telegram and shows a lot, that in Irkutsk on bogakh our blades took the whole beam lie prizes and submissionsislen, what kind of distwhat time has passed and how much has beaten the enemy. Now Innokentіy inform brother Alexѣko, by phone, how_______1131_______ The most urgent and serious business.Having finished calculations with. Kukhterinymѣ and Karymѣ, I regained their honor in my hotel, by the way, the name-day of Alexey Alexandrovich Usanov turned up. We prepared a large separate office for the Stinnitsa, invited the Kukhterins, Golovanovs and Karyms, and I was with him. Vikentіem and Usanov. In total, a person was taken 7 or 8. Since Alexey Evgrafovich fell ill, he refused to visit, and only innocent Evgraf was rejected to attend. son-in-law Ulanovанов, George M. Golovanov with his son. Veniamin and Karym, and I with my son and a birthday boy. Usanov. Obѣdѣ vozіel not crowded, but noisy. There were many toasts: for the Vyatka industry and trade, for the eminent Tomsk merchants, for the birthday man, and so on and so forth. It ended - we invite the hotel dad to play royalѣ, and we all sang Russian from below. The fortunate past son-in-law of the Kukhterinovs Ulanov, as it turned out that he had a good voice and a rumor, and he had a good lead solo, and could organize and manage the ferrets. But we vsѣ rest poyuschіe - vѣrnѣe, we can say that vsѣm honey vѣdѣ ear nastupil, but still vsѣ pѣli and loud. On the eve of the incident, on the street in Tomsk I met a former Vyatskiy member of the provincial zemstvo council Vladimir Kirillovich Klyucharev, and invited him to come to drink tea and talk about Vyatka and the zemstvo’s address and let him know. The next day he came in and asked me. He was told that I’m in the officeѣ, I have guests - Kukhteryny and Golovanov: "Come to the office, we will report about you." Having heard from the corridor a noisy night in your office and having learned that there are Euterins, he asked the manager not to say, otherwise you’ll get there, you will also sing it, and even bathe in champagnegoone_______1132_______Skom. S. Kukhterin to our brother can not compete. Kluchar is immediately removed. Then, on my way back from Ir Kutsk, I again visited V.K.Klyucharev. He told many that he had come in, but having heard the noisy singing - it was a pity. The next day, after Usanov’s name day, we went out of Tomsk to Irkutsk, and Innokenty E. Kukhterin, at the same time as us, went to our minusins ​​in Minusinsk. One carriage and one common compartment were placed, and all the way they drank tea, bitten and drank brandy. VVinusinskѣ he stayed, and we with. Usano vymѣ uѣҳali v Achinsk. In Achinsk, for our Illichievs, a Jewish Jew Minskіy Georgy Aleksandrovich purchased raw materials on a commission basis and worked with them for ten. We in Achinsk had only shoe buyers, familiar with the voyager Usanov. Usanov, however, was miles to me as a shoe buyer, Jew Borodavkinѣ. Upon termination of the bargaining, having taken from him zakay. for shoes, son of Borodavkin Michel, aged 20-22, asked me to buy an armchair for him in the Vyatka artisanal zemsky museum, an office armchair, Vyatskogo edition, which represents a large oak wood arc, the ends of which are a pair of front legs and behind the arch is supported by a second pair of notes, and these 4 legs are connected by a sidѣnіem - a pair of riders whose big mittens, and from the side there are two large oak axes with axes, a side rail that replaces the chair. So, in general, it turns out an original, comfortable massive armchair, and I knew such chairs that Vyatka sold for 75 or 80 rubles. I promised to send him, and having returned to Vyatka, I did not slowly send him. Then we started talking that Minsk is buying a leather company for one of our Vakhrushevsky_______1134_______get, as he heard, Minskіy. He suggested a lot: "If you bring it, let’s now give a thousand for 20-25 bills, we’ll write a condition. I’ll take into account bills tomorrow at the Irbitsky-Fair Bankѣ and transfer the money to Achinskѣ, my father will immediately have to drink all the bills we have given, moreover, for some reason, the last time Minsk bought it quietly and the prices decreased slightly. " I would have to immediately finish and write the conditions, but I doubted a little whether it was too risky, not having seen the goods, and I hardly know the company, to give 20,000 rubles ahead. bills. I said: "I'll think about it tomorrow and wire it home, and I'll give it tomorrow. I'll give you the final answer. But during this time, you will think and understand about our company." B. І. Wart away from me, and I think: in the evening. I will go to K. I. Nazarov, I will consult with him - is it possible to give Borodavkin forward. bills. It turned out, M. І. Borodavkin ot me in the morning. I went straight to K.I. Nazarov, frankly told him that: "I.A. Vakhrushev was with us in Achinsk, advised me to buy raw materials for skin, I was irrelevant to send an agreement for a commission purchase. I now had a offer to give him many bills for further purchase and write an agreement, but he hesitates: either he doesn’t need more skin, or is afraid to give promissory notes ahead. He said that he would think before tomorrow. I came to talk to you about how to be, because my father ordered many that if P.A. Vakhrushevna doesn’t come out of anything, then he will turn Xia to Vam for sovѣtom ". K.N. Nazarova asked: "Do you have the power of attorney from your father to account for bills. M. Borodavkin confirmed that the power of attorney is complete. K. Nazarov said:" I will give it out. You now have bills of 25 or 30 thousand rubles. Pivni receipt and telegraphy._______1135_______Ruin your father, let him continue buying for Alabuzov. ”Seeing him in the evening with KI Nazarovѣ, I still had no time to ask him how to say many things:“ Why didn’t you buy raw materials from Borodavkin. One can also miss good cases. Why didn’t you think that to leave and sell to another. Having been in the fair, you don’t need to call, everyone protects their interests. While you are thinking ** until tomorrow, they will take their steps, too, just in case to look for another buyer. If you don’t decide to buy, then you wouldn’t be left with unsold goods .. "I said that" I meant tonight. consult with. By you - is it possible to give him promissory notes 20,000 rubles in advance * V.I. Nazarov’s opinion: * Now it’s too late, he’d send you and send you a message directly to you, explained in detail your conversations and expressed your impression that you will not buy - more apparently not, or are you afraid to give bills. They offered me a lot, and he had a cutler from him and gave him 30,000 bills, ordered to continue the purchase for Alabuzov. If you took part in the morning to many people, then, of course, I would help you to finish the matter right away, and since he was alone, I also realized that you no longer need it - I’ve bought up. I can’t take it out so that it will not be sold to anyone else. "I shrugged, saying: * Well, you won’t return it, God wants it." So my acquaintance in Achinsk with Borodavkin served only in favor of Al Fuzov. I never met again with Borodavkin and didn’t have any business with them.During my stay with Usanov in Achinsk, Ot Boro davkina, we went to our shoe buyer, Andrei Georgievich Mokro Usov, where we were left to obdu. Usanov alreadyone_______1136_______accepted from Mokrousov order shoes and we went only to introduce me to. his wife, to have dinner and go today to Irkutsk. end yourself. A.G. Wet a pencil with a pencil in his memorabilia of his few words, tore out a sheet, gave it to his wife and said: “Is it possible to invite this gentleman. * I say: “If you want to invite someone for our sake, I warn you: we can’t sit, now, having left the table, after we have finished our hotel, we need to get together and settle at the station.” Wife Mokro Usova got up and said: “Now, it’s impossible for Vasya to stop you.” After 5-10 minutes, give two bottles of champagne, I look at the owner and say: “What is this for the expected gentleman. * He ѣ from - begins: "This is the expected lord." Take one bottle, open it, and I take the second and hid it under the table, saying that we’ll drink a glass, but I won’t be late anymore, we’ll be late for work, and every day we will be dear, we’ll be late too Irkut ski After finishing our rounds, we, in fact, placed Mokro Usova in a hotel, took our luggage, and on the same horses we left for the station.Even from Tomsk, Usanov telegraphed and communicated with Berko vichem, inform him that at the end of this month we will be the master in Irkutsk, where you can see him. Berkovich disgusted that they, on their own account, wanted to go for Lake Baikal, but by the end of the month they were trying to be in Irkutsk, they would stop at such a nice place, where almost all the voyagers would stop, and then try to find or come days to the thread in Irkutsk. Without stopping nowhere, from Achinsk we went straight to Irkutsk. Stayed at the same hotelѣ. Half an hour later, Berkovich. He appeared to us. It turned out that he was for a few hoursIIZUT --_______1137_______.Owl before us. prichal n Irkutsk, asked about us. Did she say that there was a telegram: order a number, are expected today. Usanov introduced Berkovich to us. Dy talked to. Ber Kovichem. It turned out, indeed, the District Quartermaster was to look for a supplier, and Berkovich learned this only through third hands and said by chance to Usanov, knowing that the Vyatka breeders were supplying the army. He also spoke to Sarapulsky, but the Sarapul people rejected that they had never worked with the Quartermaster and were afraid to even try. I told Berkovich: “I assumed that you personally negotiate with the District ѣ Quartermaster ѣ and acquaint me in detail but with all the details and introduce me to the Quartermaster Но. But if you yourself aren’t familiar with him, then I can’t speak to you or yours In any case, I will go personally to the General of the Quartermaster. For recommendations, I have with me the contracts of the St. Petersburg Quartermaster, and, moreover, the samples of the Quartermaster: a good boot. We don’t intend to build a factory in Irkutsk, but if the Quartermaster is have the right to give us I’m very much in doubt about Vyatka, besides Petersburg / I doubt it, then, of course, I consider myself obliged to thank Vasya for the fact that you informed your fellow Alexei Alexandrov Usanov at the time and did not refuse to get to know me today. "Berkovich said: "Regrettably, more than what I could send or say, I’ll go ahead, see for myself, I can’t provide you any assistance in this matter, and if you find my information useful, I hope that you and you won’t forget; if you regret, I’ll be very grateful for everything.The next day I'm with. Vikentіem pohal in District Intent, taking samples of boots. Reported about us_______1138_______Mr. at the Quartermaster. They took us to the officeѣ. I explained that our company received information that the District Irkutsk Intent was granted the right of the Main Commandant to independently independently prepare boots for all troops of the Irkutsk okrug, in addition to St. Petersburg, and stayed at the revenge. Look, I appeared with the offer and the "samples." The District Quartermaster objected that this is not so: “We, indeed, are from St. Petersburg an offer to find here an Irkutsk entrepreneur who would undertake to build a shoe unit and provide us with all the necessary quantity of shoes for a long five-year contract. they didn’t find it, and if you agree to bring craftsmen from Vyatka, to build factories and a factory, then we will readily agree with you and conclude a contract. ”Wan Vyatka from Siberia to transport leather to Vyatka, and then to bring Vyatka here to bring salami it’s easier for you to bring a set of working specialists and work there. After listening to Mr. Quartermaster, I said: “Set up a factory and a factory, you need to spend a lot of time and money, and then learn to work now it takes time 2 -3 years, bring not a worker from Vyatka here, half and kill back. But we bring koyau from Siberia to Vyatskіe for water, it hasn’t saved us anywhere. We have Vyatka, it has evolved. over the years, and everything is equipped, all the demands of the Quartermaster of these conditions are well known, we ourselves are together with the Chief. The commandant’s office and the Technical Committee worked to develop an improved type of soldier’s boot. It is your good fortune to look at the pattern of the last boots that we are supplied with. "Wicken - Fill out the soldiers’ suitcases and boots, and District Intenthatx_______1139_______ the dant ordered to call in the office of the chief, first from - duleniya, in which there was an army uniform with boots. Head of department; General Intendant tells him: "Look, look at what beautiful boots we offer from Vyatka, but, unfortunately, I don’t agree to buildThe factory is here. I would like to have such boots, but [Petersburg instructs us to look for a way to prepare here, on the ground, and nobody takes it, and they don’t know how to make such badges. ”I say:“ Your Excellency, you’ll be able to work out I have a preliminary contract for a five-year supply of the total quantity of boots needed for the Irkutsk District, based on the average complex price of blanks. The main thing in Quartermasterism was for the needs of all the other districts of Russia, but with the development of these boots and the opening in. Vyatka, with us. to the factory and delivery of the accepted consignment at our expense. BE Irkutsk Imagine all this. B. The main Quartermaster for your goodwill, with your feedback and the conclusion that you took all the time to find local entrepreneurs and did not find anyone, and the samples I have presented are considered good and it is advisable to have such shoes for the entire Irkutsk district. If the Main Quartermaster’s joins your opinion, then I will enter into a contract with the BE of the Petersburg m. Okrugnom Quartermaster, and after 2-3 months you will have the first batch. If the main Quartermaster’s find this unacceptable and reject our offer, then I won’t have any complaints. "The District Quartermaster, on reflection, addresses the colonel, the head of the “detachment,” and says: * I like this thought, how_______1140_______You think. I suppose you should try it. It seems to me that such contracts must be approved by the Chief Quartermaster. "Colonel unscrewed: * Without a doubt, approve, but according to the law, the goods adopted by the treasury are already forwarded as state and tariff tariffs, which are 20 times lower than the private commercial tariff, and therefore "Your draft contract doesn’t have to mention anything about shipping." The general said: "This is a small detail, you already know what is following. I instruct you, take care of Vakhrushev, find out all the details and draft the contract, and then wait for me to complete it. We will ask Vakhrushev to come in 2-3 days, we’ll discuss and share go to Ifburg. "Leaving the office, the head of the department took me a drink of St. Petersburg contracts, asked a dozen questions, wrote down on notebooks, and suggested that I go to the quartermaster tomorrow morning. I am a son. Vikentіem in the appointed time send. He was far from reading the drafted contract, saying that the District Quartermaster had already readѣ and found that everything was fine. Read, I stated that I find everything correct, i.e. as we agreed the day before yesterday, and I find everything acceptable. Paul Kovnik invited us to go to his office. to the District Quartermaster. The general, having greeted us, invited us to ask and asked: "You do not require any additions to the draft contract. * I rejected that I find everything acceptable. There is nothing to change. The general offered to sign that the draft contract was small and, in case of approval The Main Commandant’s Office of Nіem, accepted: 0. I have signed. The general offered his hand to us and said, “God bless you,” go ahead. I am grateful to you that at last he appeared to be our real supplier and now I’m sure thatthose._______1141_______ in a few months. we will have good boots. "The next day we went to Krasnoyarsk with Vikentiyem and Usanov. I paid 1000 rubles to Berkovich as a commissioner for his communication, but apparently he scattered more and remained dissatisfied.In Krasnoyarsk Usanov, I sold shoes to the local merchant Simonov and introduced me to Mr. Simonov, who is considered in Krasnoyarsk the most respectable merchant.I met in Krasnoyarsk s son-in-law Golovanov, by Ivan. Mikhailovichem Lyapunovѣ. This is our Vyatskiy, from the village of Cheptsy, the native elder brother of Andrei Mikhailovich Lyapunov / companion Ivan Al. Kazenin / and cousin of Ivan Alekseyevich Kazenin Ony, a boy, a junkie from E Chepitsy at the end of a course at the Slobodsky Udzdnago school, in Tomsk. K. uncle L.P. Lyapunov at a match factory. Shaded by Tomsk on the daughter of T.1. Golovanova, the last nyat, defined the qualities of a pre-trusted and companion company in the Golovanov firm in the Krasnoyarsk branch, where he remained for permanent residence, and then there were home ownership of the city of Kras novarsk, a city vowel and a member of the accounting committee. In Krasnoyarsk our Vakhrushchevs, the Ilyichs, also bought raw materials through the same commissioner. Dinskago. I have s. And .. Lyapunov on theirs and varnish, but they did not find anyone. Ivan Aih. Lyapo again said: “I really liked Vanya’s son, Vincent Petrovich. Leave them there, in Krasnoyarsk, to buy raw materials, or send him or your trustee, and if you wish to buy here, I will help you find a commissioner and a loan.” But I rejected that for the time being we would abstain, and in 110 cases, if the need arises, then we will take advantage of his kind offer and be sure to address him. But it wasn’t necessarytorіі._______1142_______ to be in Krasnoyarsk. From Krasnoyarsk we rushed to Tomsk, as E had given the word that we would definitely go on the return trip for at least 1-2 days. I cabled the karyma, he "met us: at the station" and dragged us to my apartment, but I insisted and we stayed in a hotel. Karym to say many things: “For your sake, I arranged a meal today. Alexey Evgrafovich and Innokenty Evgraf were promised to spend time on food. The kitchen men, and only one officer, the meat receiver for the army,” and they took my word for it, be sure to go. I tried to wait for him. Having changed clothes, chal s nim vist, and Usanov send shoes to your clientsWild B.ThThe house at Karym was in the Tatar part of the city of Tomsk and the fortunes were completely Turkish. One-story, long, with. 30 open domeѣ 110sredinѣ and a very beautiful story of his dream of a shotgun, real Turkish small palace. The plan and the facade of the fish, he was personally brought from Constantinople, but inside the location was also on the Tatar model, in two. Pa rooms with parquet floors, but bare logwalls and ceilings, not plastered, but covered with Persian and Tekin carpets - this was considered the muscular half, and the eclipse separated corridor, the large female half.There was an invitation to the orchestra of a small, human, local Tomsk musician. In with the host, they first arrived. Then came the officer, who Ot Karim was taking meat for local troops. Then, in turn, both Kuhterin left on their own ten thousandths of black crow - sakay. When Aleksey Evgrafovich, Karnm, drove into the courtyard, saw the window, went out into the courtyard and the whole orchestra left behind him_______1143_______ zykantov, playing the march. Karym and Kukhterin, go up to the music, and so entered the rooms. The kitchens have been kissed with me now. They sat down for a round. Outside there was plenty in all respects and booze too; musicians played all the time, although there would be no one to listen to them, food was also plentiful. After the coffe, a little scandal broke out, almost ending in a big kata stanza. The officer, having had some fun, wanted to flatter the brothers. Kukhternnym and began to speak at their address, raising companies near the Kukhterinovs that they were the first to go to the city, to do a lot of charity and to hand over big business, to dictate the businessmen’s business as much as complete monopolists. Innocent Evgrad. the first protest is an oval: "It’s we who are the monopolists, who have given us a monopoly. We don’t need any monopolies. You insult us by calling monopolists." Stronger than that was Alexey Evgraf: “As you dare to call us monopolists, we are free traders and we don’t get anyone across the road, we’re not depriving anyone of the right to trade with us.” Ov's brother is stepping on an officer with his fists. And Innocent straight Cree Read: "I will crucify you." The officer begins to explain that he did not want to offend, on the contrary, he wanted to use these words to honor them, they did not understand him that way. Cuisines shout: "We don’t need your exaltation, get out the stench from before you get thrown out the window." Karym began to persuade, apologize to ap. Finally, the Cookers both calmed down. The officer didn’t - but, slowly, went into another room and completely disappeared, gorge home. Finally, everything calmed down._______1144_______or calculate by issuing bills. We agreed that in the future, starting the season, he would hand over all his deadlock to us according to existing values, and then the entire season would be bought up for us missionally. But for the sake of supervision and supervision of the shipment, I will send my son’s season to Tomsk and begin to serve, to whom I offer you to rent a house, in a special room or in the outhouse, with full maintenance.In the evening. we all gathered at my guest innits: Innocent Evgrad. Kukhterin, g. Golovanov, son of om Venі aminomi Georg. and Earym. They won at my hotel, and Karysh escorted to the station. The cuisines also confirmed that the next season all of them would be handed over to us and it is imperative that I send my son Vincent, whether I would be fully protected and provided with all possible assistance.Finally, we got out of Tomsk, drove back to Potro Pavlovsk, where the Butorins had to stay with my wife Apolli, Narya Alekseevna, and it turned out that I had already performed for nothing. Howling daughter, Zhenya Butorina, gave birth to a daughter. Thus, I, the 4th year, was already narrower than the ear.After returning home to the backwaters, after 5 or 10 days I wished Petersburg to find out about the Irkutsk long-term contract. Having arrived at the Main Quartermaster, I still couldn’t say that I should report on everything, the head of the department saw me and said: “I’ve approved the five-year contract for you. For the Irkutsk okrug and the Main Quarterant I’m very satisfied, I had to hurry up and conclude the contract by fulfilling the current year. " I asked: "But have not you made any extra penalties or additions, and are they not excluded, in my opinion_______1145_______Vysannya words that medium-COMPLEX I you should be considered onlyLin peacetime, and in the case of wartime, with the participation in the war of Russia, the price should be applied to that contract as it would be in wartime. "Initial from - disengagement:" Nothing has been changed, and it’s clear that these Values ​​are only for peacetime. Go to the District Commandant’s Office, yesterday everything was sent and, probably, the other day they will send Val to the Vyatka. Well you made the statement that you yourself appeared. ”After 1-2 days I was in the St. Petersburg District Quartermaster’s, in the beginning of 1910, in February or March, I signed a five-year contract for the supply of boots and additional frontiers for the entire demand of the Irkutsk District, in quantities of approximately 110,000 pairs of boots and up to 70,000 additional arrivals, ”advanced annually. All this was done and until the contract was signed, none of the Vyatka breeders or of the k concurrents knew at all, and didn’t even guess - they conceived and where am I going for a long time about Siberia. Everyone was very surprised and undecided - in some way, who suggested the 11th remnant, or how I found out that such a delivery was given to Irkut, but the fact was that no one could do anything, everything was done for the convoy. The main competitors, hiding their hearts, reconciled with a fait accompli.we have. At that time, the factory was already building soldiers' boots, the amount that we had contracted but taken from public trade. The owner of the Quartermaster at our factory was the same captain Artistic. The Chief Quartermaster sent him a copy of the contract and ordered him to build and build a sanog and send them to Irkutsk immediately, but without prejudice to the current contract. We strengthenedthatUp_______1146_______ the work of the soldiers of the Saharan Ogary, finally eliminating private shoes. Ya.N. Khudokhilov advised us to send his little man to Hrkutsk in the first consignment, and to take them out of the station and unpack, for the sake of understanding that although the goods must be finally taken to the factory and run as ordered, at the rates and for the seals Arrive in Irkutsk; maybe 2-3 boxes are broken, there wasn’t enough to draw up a tokol, marking 10-15 pairs was not enough. Do not be the Quartermaster sue and charge the railway - put on the account of the contractor or supplier. “You don’t want to quarrel with the Quartermaster, pay, and such shortcomings a year, a pair of 500 is collected, that’s the sum: three or three eat half a thousand rubles. And to keep you a permanent employee in Irkutsk, it will cost you 600-800 rubles or no more than 1000 p. BE a year. " We recognized that this advice was only for the benefit of the business, and most importantly, through our own person we will always know for sure whether or not the syllables enter the Irkutsk warehouse. Do they like the District Quartermaster and the caretaker of the Quartermaster’s clothing depot? They decided to send one of the office workers, but sober, sensible and family. The election stopped at Nikolai Aleksandrovich Koshkarev, who until 1905 served in Petropavlovsk with V. S. Vilin, was mobilized and sent to the front, to fight the Japanese. After the war he returnedwell in Vyatka, step by step to our factory clerk. Then he soon married the daughter of Semyon Fedorovich Miҳћev and continued with us in the villageR._______1147_______ serve as a clerk. This is what we commanded in Irkutsk with our wife. They gave Koshkarev an instruction - near the Quartermaster’s warehouse, to rent a small apartment and introduce himself to the Quartermaster and warehouse attendant, stating that they would be present when you were on the railroad and when unpacking — to check the number of boxes and to participate in the preparation of the stakes shortages, and if everything is wrong, then do not worry. .After the first thing they received in Irkutsk, put on the batch of boots, Koshkarev began to regularly and accurately inform us that the goods arrived in good order. The boots make an all-out impression and everyone is very happy, and after six months or more, it became clear to us that the caretaker Inten of the military clothing depot and parts of the troops would receive good reviews and become more attentive, or smiling, they are respected. .The borrower. Ya.N. Khudozhilov regularly reported to everyone in St. Petersburg the Main Quartermaster's Office is specific, and some of it privately. In the Main Quartermaster, all of these were very pleased and in many respects in the Main. The commissaries were, although strictly odbitsialny, but very good.At the factory during the construction of shoes, although strictly established requirements for the work of the craftsmen. were introduced by the previous one. receiver, Colonel N.P. Aleksѣev, but also this time - cycle, Ya.N. Art, did not weaken his demands on masters and factory owners. But he had a different tactic and a completely different approach to business. While working at the factory,in the performance of his duties, he kept himselfg._______1148_______with everything strictly acutely, but very correctly, he was able to count the thread of his assistants, employees and workers of the plant, and arrange for himself; everyone in the factory loved him. If you need to make a reprimand or catch up with the master, he should never shout at the master at all, and invite him to all the last or to a separate laboratory room and alone prove to him that the master’s actions were wrong, which could cause damage. not only to the Quartermaster, but also to the manufacturer, because it’s better not to remove everything at the factory and fix it there, if it is discovered in the Quartermaster’s warehouse or in parts of the army. There, if it turns out, a different look will be at the supplier and the seller .. "It’s better, in approved doubtful cases, come personally to the council for advice, not like the program of Intent, but like your employee or your older brother and that which is possible without prejudice to the matter, I will always advise Vamzh in the interest of general business. "In private life ya.N. Khudozhilovѣs were fun-loving in nature, loved society, often during the holidays did not care for the Vyatka and Sloboda clubs, where he had fun, dance-conducted, and travel was the soul of society. The ѣ ѣ стра ѣ пик пик пик пик пик пик пик пик пик пик пик пик пик пик пик пик В пик ѣ ѣ ѣ В ѣ ѣ ѣ В ѣ В ѣ ѣ ѣ ѣ ѣ ѣ ѣ ѣ ѣ ѣ ѣ ѣ ѣ ѣ ѣ ѣ ѣ ѣ ’After the departure from the Vyatka of the Governor of Prince S.D. Gorchakova, within 2-3 weeks, on the first and second month of 1909, the newly appointed governor arrived at Vyatka. Peter Konstantinovich Kami Shansky. All officials of the city of Vyatka were highly recommended that tomorrow, at four in the afternoon, the governor would receiveaman------- ilmi tomonlamam---._______1149_______> SalafYesall wishing to introduce themselves to the new governor.On behalf of Vice-Governor Grigoryev, B.I.V. Gadovska informed me by telephone that, as a member of the Zemstvo government, I should also introduce myself to the governor for the issue of osofiya alniy prіm. I arrived at the indicated time in Vyatka, moreover, that on the next day an extraordinary Guabern Zemsky assembly was appointed. I send to the general offiсial prіm more out of curiosity, never before on similar ones. Ірі ёмахь did not happen. When you arrived on the 2nd floor, in the big hall, you don the governor. It seemed that the audience was full of halls, all were established in groups, according to the institution, and in each group, ii ol ranks, i.e. higher ranks ahead, etc. For the entire order, he followed the lieutenant governor, showing where which group to where | to get up and the queue in which the groups should represent Exactly 4 hours the vice-governor went to the drawing room, inform the governor that everything was in the collection. Kamyzansky now come out and pronounce the introductory speech to all who appeared. He spoke long and beautifully, I don’t remember to laugh completely, but you remembered the last words, approximately the following words: “I’ll be glad to serve you. Me and Alexander E. Yakovlevich. You introduced yourself as the last. I don’t remember which institutionEmpress Lariya, but I remember that they were and trustees of the river. All schools or seminars, at the choice of the provincial zemstvo assembly. When presented to me by the vice-governor, p.k. I and Namyn Shansky, as it seemed to me, especially kindly greeted me thanks by shaking my hand. I then attributed it to what I* herisa_______1150_______it was posed as an elected member of the zemstvo presence / free honorary hearing /, but it is possible that the vice-governor gave me a good good certificate before the new governor,The next day, an extraordinary provincial assembly was appointed. Shoot 8 1/2 hours. In the morning, all members and vowels are the governor's house, below, a different active public official is recorded, and alternately the governor is called to the office to introduce themselves. If you have time before 10 o’clock, then the governors all at once call the office and accept, and if you do not have enough time, then leave ten minutes without a break, say hello to everyone in general and offer: if anyone has the desire to personally go to him, then please come in after the opening of the Zemstvo meeting or tomorrow before the opening of the meeting.I arrived at the governor's office at 8 1/2 hours. In the reception room is already sitting man. 10. But the tenant of the Vyatka congress A.A. The prince, which the governors accepted first, and the chairman of the Glazov Congress, the second room, entered the cabinet. Soon, I left, after the completion of the second program, and the official, having written down, went in to ask who to invite the next. Immediately, however, the official comes out and invites me. I look at him in surprise and quietly ask: “Is it not a mistake?” He repeats: “Vasya, Pyotr Aleksandrovich”. I walk in, say hello. The governors are invited to sit down and say: “I can accept you by mail, because I want to see you. You can see the list of people eligible to vote as members of the State Council, as many of us, the Vyatka and Glavov congresses, have recommended you as an organizer of private and joint members before elective meetings in your apartmentaboutoneonefrom.aboutfour._______1151_______pѣ, and this. You in the previous three years brought enormous benefit to the world. Please sit down for a minute, I’ll bring a list now. ”I didn’t have time to send anything back, he went to the side door, through the corridor upstairs, and after 5 minutes I got a printed list, where they were a little man 8-10 if necessary right to be elected BE The State Council of the Vyatka land. I will remember some of them: P. Alexandrov, A.S. dep reyѣ, S. A. Shishkov, A.II. Syrnev, P.V. Omashevt and others. PK Kamyshansky, reading aloud aloud, stopped at Surnev and said: "Thief should praise and count this all the more it’s worthy of others. "I ask: * Your Excellency, allow Vasya to ask and who to praise him for you. I deserve to be praised then dovryya. Personally, I don’t know if it’s vowel in Vyatka, it seems, it’s not real, but somehow "Sirnevym I met as a representative of Kazan, at the request of a knife on the road. Tot cheesy" made a very good impression on me then ". Kanyshansky plurality: “Syrneva pluralistic good on the good side Elabuzhsky Chairman of the Council of Europe and Chairman of the Elabuga Council”. Then I said: "If you recommend these two, then you can completely lie; I wanted to ask them about Syrnev." I.K. Kamyshansky unscrewed: "I don’t limit or insist on anything, I’m still a new person, and you are a local tunic and you have your acquaintances and friends for everything: provinces. Do you still think about it, take notes from others, collect everything? "your like-minded people, discuss the candidates all the way and if you stop, tell me, come in when you get the hell you need here." I thanked for the occasion and said: "Under Prince Gorchakovѣ, indeed, with the resolution of the Prince,_______1152_______private apartments were arranged for me in my apartment - a collection of the land, and sometimes, at the same time as the prince, I always went to the governor's apartment for advice or to give a report. "1.k. Kamyshansky unscrewed:" Not only do I once decide this meeting, but I ask Vasya about this E, and then - my doors are always open for you, day and night, come when you see fit, you will always be accepted in turn. "I thanked you for giving me the answer, saying, I won’t abuse it. P.K.Ka myshansky, saying goodbye and giving his hand, said: "This partly to open the provincial zemstvo assembly, and part time 12, I ask Vasya to come and have breakfast. my wife wants to get to know you. "I’ll leave the governor’s office, I see a completely different vowel and a member of the zemstvo assembly. I went out to see the governor myself. I greeted everyone in general, saying:“ If you are sorry, I won’t be in time Separately, I want to get to know and win. I ask you to come in after the opening of the zemstvo meeting, or tomorrow morning. "Everyone left the provincial council. Without. 10 Jun. 10, the chairman of the zemstvo assembly A. Knyazev assigns the case - gatsіy, led by the chairman of the Kotelnichesky congress I.S. A.N. Shklyaev, me and a member of the board, I.I. Igoshin, to go invite the governor to open the meeting.This ceremony is held every meeting, and I have always been included in this delegation, as it was under Prince Gorchakov, and this is the first time, under Kama Shansky. Following the delegation of the governor, now immediately passes through the lips The governor’s governor, the people's uniform of the Order of the Ministry. A moleben is served immediately. By attaching, governors and all members of the church assembly, to the cross, each governor, opening the meeting, speak a privative speech. Also for this time, governors_______1153_______II.k. Kamyshansky said good speech should be noted that he, as the former prosecutor of the Trial Chamber in St. Petersburg, spoke very eloquently, distinctly and loudly. Opening the collection - uѣhal. I have passed. A. Knyazev, my talk about Sovѣtanіi. They said that today it is necessary to get together and discuss and count the votes, and today to request a fake telegram, since he is not a vowel, and without his consent, which is expressed in writing, it is impossible to run. Having settled for 51/2 hours. in the evening, I did not slowly say all to my like-minded people, and by 12 o’clock I had left. Governor’s apartment.I was immediately invited to the dining room. There was already the wife of Kamyshansk, Ekaterina Grigoryevna. I have recommended. She told the footman that as soon as she could leave the governor’s office at the reception to “report to the official to ask the governor to have breakfast. While we sat for 10 minutes,” Eka terina Grigoryevna Kamyshanskaya told me that “for today the traditional performance is in favor of Mariinsk priyuta, and I, as the guardian of the shelter, am obliged to invite guests to the show and distribute tickets, so I decided to offer Vam. "I thanked, took out a wallet and handed her a hundred rubles, since annually for this show Akl took a box for himself and his whole family for 100 rubles. Come PKKama! Shansky, sit down for breakfast. Ekaterina Grigoryevna informs her husband that "Peter Alexandrovich is a hundred rubles away. for the box, the first box A. I gave A.Ya. Tyryshkin, how to be. "I say:" It’s not worth it personally, give e 2 or 9 3 a box. "But P.K.toone-E_______1154_______. they’ll put a lazy lodge to someone from their children or friends. ”I thanked for the honor:“ Is it not to hinder Vasya. And secondly - is it convenient. Today, almost all the members of the zemstvo assembly will be in the theater and see me, be your sucker, - think that again the new governor, apparently the Black-Hundred, invited me to the Black-Hundred Glasnago. "P.E. !! Amyshansky unscrewed:" Ily think “But this is just what I need.” I told you at breakfast that at 5 I / 2 o’clock. Today I have a good chance of meeting myself and, they say, but today Syrnev’s body is better ”. I checked that it turned out to be the same Colonel Syrnev, Alexandri Petrovich, whom I met in St. Petersburg when applying for the railway. At the meeting today, we are counting the goose, and in the evening at the theater I will inform you of the results. "When sharing my apartment, it turned out that we had Syrnev. it turns out that 50 votes - 28 or 30, and for Omashev or for Shishkov - from 22nd to 24th. In the theater, in the evening, I detailed the details of this II.k. Kamyshansky. In the theater, my wife and I si in the “governor doge”, the ladies in front, at the barrier, and the two of us together with the governor in the back; if there were only four, it would be in a huge box, but on the contrary. same big box? I would be busy A.Ya. Tyryshkin with his wife and family. During the act of marriage, they came to the governor’s bosom to witness their respect for the spouse of the governor and the head of the governorate. Almost all the top officials of the Berne state also went into the box, beforee district court inclusive, eat us. We met with the wife of the governor, and along with us, who are not familiar, then to everyone himself. II.K. Kamyshansky revremend my wife and me. All this in the provincial provincial cityѣAlawhether inAl N._______1155_______І.CLEA:.I liIt caused quite a bit of noise, or for a long time there was a conversation around the city, and since it was on the day the provincial assembly was opened, almost all members of the congregation and vowels from all over the province were in the theater, the conversation spread throughout the entire province, vowel P.A. Wahru izev was the favorite of governors of Prince Gorchakov, and on the first day of arrival in the governor of the new governor of Kamyshansk, they were to receive an appointment from the office of the governor, and in the evening they showed up as his wife in the governor's office. Everyone was surprised and completely puzzled, how it could have happened, many thought that Vakhrushev, they’re thinking about it, but they were familiar with. Kamyshansky we are still in St. Petersburgѣ. This assumption among the vowels of the zemstvos was even more strengthened by the fact that when everyone appeared in the morning to introduce themselves to the governor, almost first of all the new governor was summoned by Vakhrushev and had no talk with them for almost half an hour. If we hadn’t been an early sign, why would they have begun to call him and it would be very much to confer. Besides the two presidents from the first entrance, no one knew the truth of a half-hour session with Kamyshansk with me in the office.We sent a telegram from Alexander Ifetrovich Syrnev from my apartment to? hour. in the evening, i.e. immediately after the vote, he was voted for him, with a request for his consent to run for Vyatka Zemstvo members of the State Council for the next three years, i.e., his election was secured by the majority. We ask you to cable the representative of the provincial zemstvo assembly. A day later it turned out to abolish, approximately the following content: “I consider Sergei Aleksandrovich Shikikov to be a worthy candidate for members of the State Donation Council, if his majority is not reliable, I agree to the ballotBUT_______1156_______In case of election, I’ll try to justify your donation, I will serve the Tsar, Rodin and Vyatka provincial population. Floor mat. Syrnev. "Only the group that sent the requests and the governor of the province knew the response. The opposition of the provincial assembly did not know anything.On the third day of the meeting of the provincial zemstvo, the presiding member of the assembly, A.A. Yenyazev, was put in question with the election of Vyat. Skag zemstvo, one member in State Software. Announces. It’s the law, and then the list is the right of choice. The presenter suggest the Navi 2 11 candidate, whom the assembly of the cell should be; first with notes, and then run for balloons. In the afternoon, they gave notes. After counting, a total of 52 notes were filed,on which some offered two: or S.A. Shishkova, orD.V. Omashev, and some offered one of them, and some suggested Colonel A.P. Syrneva. According to the calculation, it turned out that 30 notes were filed for Sirnev, 24 for Yulaev and 26 for illishkov.S.A. Shishkovі declare that A.І. SyrnevE is not worth the price, but without his consent it is impossible to run for it. The representative of the congregation rejects: "I agree with A.P. Syrnev’s consent, I now read out the message to the body I sent to him yesterday asking me to read the above telegram. Shishkov says:" how so. Apparently, yesterday the elections would have been predetermined. * A.A. The prince declares: "I can’t stop it at last, because it is my private business, I asked on my own behalf, but if you want, I will satisfy your curiosity: Syr Neva was discussed in advance by a group of vowels and I asked for his consent in any case" . Tishkovѣ sіl. The second editor of the meeting declares: "For most of the notes receivedѣ, first________1157_______running colonel. A.I. Sarnevѣ. It is convenient to collect ballot. * Some people asked: "We ask." After the ballot, the publisher announced: "Colonel A.P. Sarnen, elect thirty members against the 22nd to be a member of the State Council." The Chairperson of Obraniia addresses S.A. to Іnkova: "if you wish, Sergey Aleksandrovichѣ, to run for. * Shishkov’s distracts ѣ:" If you wish according to the honored Zemsky assembly, I’ll miss the ballot. " After the ballot turned out: s.l. EGinkov received: 24 selective and 37 non-selective carsѣ. {3t of their own ballot did not participate. The chairman of the meeting also suggested L.V. Omashev: "you want to run for election, Theonid Viktorovich. Mr. Zlatev turned away the same as Ikhikov. But after counting the ball of the ballot balls, it turned out that he got 22 electoral pairs, not electoral 29. Thus. ETiskov and Nmashev. A.P.Sirnev is the only one elected.According to the decisions of the provincial zemstvo assemblies, they submitted a telegram to Syrnev: they congratulated him on this occasion.Only persons who have the right to be elected to the lists of persons entitled to be elected to the State Council of the zemstvo assembly shall be entered;full land qualification, or three three years of service in the election of zemstvo assemblies, and with the formation of no less than the average. A.P. Syrnev possessed Full of land. qualification in the Vyatsk and Kazan provinces, since he had enormous names both in Kazan and in the Vyatka governorate. On the other hand, he ended his education at the Еnkersky Azanskont School, which was considered a secondary school, but at the time of the choice, V. Kazan, the cadet school was already renamed the military school and allocated new laws that only a military school_______1158_______.are considered secondary education, and junior education should be considered lower than secondary education. Lists of persons for election to the State Council are compiled by the provincial zemstvo council. At this time, the lists were compiled by the council, headed by I. A. Sukhovy. The Government, considering that Syrnev graduated from the Kazan Junker School about development, then, when it had not yet been converted into a military school and was considered a secondary school at the end of the course, therefore considered it legal to add it to the lists. But L.V. Yumanev. and S.A. Shishkov said that the Savi’s councils are not correct in their opinion, Sirnev’s education is lower than average and he couldn’t be included in the lists, and therefore the elections are considered illegal: they filed a protest ..Only the State Council itself and not less than two thirds of the total number of votes in the total composition of the Council have the right to disassemble and decide to have such protests against the illegality of being elected from the zemstvo in the State Council. During the current three years, at the first meeting, upon verification of the right of all newly elected members to the State Donation Council, Emashev’s complaint was examined and left without consequences; the vast majority of Sarnev’s election was recognized as legalѣ. For the next three years A.P. Syrnevі entered the vowels in the Yelabuga district and was elected to the provincial vowels. Governors P.K. Kamyshansky past was very content to elect Syrnev to the State Council, because under his administration the Vyatka governorate and to her it was the first election of a national representative and the right was elected.But in the same year, throughout the Vyatka province, elections were to be held all over again for vowels in the zemstvo assembly. After the end of the emergency meeting in Vyatka, governors_______1159_______elevenPC. Kamyzansky asked me: “When you are in Sloboda’s election of zemstvo vowels. I suppose you rely on profiteering again in Bernese vowels.” I dismissed that the elections in Sloboda were in 10 days, but that I probably didn’t get the chance to go public I’ve been two vowels from the peasants, and if I changed the law last year, now I have to run for property qualification, together with the urban qualifiers, and as it may turn out to be the majority su’vo, thenI can vote because the city has ѣ uzdomѣ allwhere there is a struggle: each side wants to hold vowelsmore of their own, not even considering them political and convinced. "PE Kalimanskiy said:" So far, it’s only your assumption, or you have the basis to be confident in this. * I dismissed that for now there is a solid foundation, although it is not, but I suppose that it should be so, for I, on the other hand, have provided myself with a majority, I have no possibility. II.k. Kamniansky said: "I hope that by that time we will see you again, but you will recognize more precisely and tell me before you choose how you would like, I would very much like to have you the next three years of publicity."On the eve of the election of vowels to the Slobodsky Zemstvo Assembly, I went to the Vyatka, got in touch with the governor and said that now it has finally become clear to me that if I run for tomorrow, I will be balloted. The city’s representatives are elected as electors of such a person who themselves strive for protesting vowels. PC. Kamyshansky said: "Maybe you are still mistaken, but still I ask Vasya very much - take a chance, lottery, maybe you will still be elected." I said: "Ho_______1160_______Rosho, if you please, I can run for a run. If you vote, then I don’t see this matter for myself. ”PK Kal: Shanski said:“ Tomorrow I will go to Kholunitsa through Slobodskoy and I counted on going ahead to you, but you mean tomorrow you will be in the village for elections, but you won’t be at home. Then maybe we'll see you tomorrow at. Slobodsky, and I will return to your home on the way back, when I will return from Kholunitsy to Vyat-ku. "The next day, having gathered for the elections, they began to mingle in groups. Approach A.n. Shklyaev and say: “I consider it a duty. To warn that you want to vote, and I can’t dissuade them. Maybe you yourself decide not to run for parliament.” I said: “I regret, I can’t: I gave my word to the governor that I will to run for it, knowing that I was going to run for the ballot. * Still suitable ІІ.І. Polov, was also told that they wanted to run for me, I turned him off, that I know, but still had to run without explaining to him the reasons. There are 4 electoral and 5 non-electoral - a past ballot. After the election, A.N. Shk I invited everyone to explain, and that included me. I went, I didn’t refuse, and I wasn’t happy, because everyone felt very bad and didn’t get together for a while. After dinner, I didn’t sit for a long time for the coffee, Everyone knew that at 4 o’clock to go to Slobodskaya, driving to Kholunitsa, the Vyatka governors of the village of Kamyshansky would stay in their rooms. Pashkin, everyone should tell him to introduce themselves. I had to leave Lİklyaev directly at Pashkin at numbers and there are hours waiting for the governor. When ka myshansky prіkhal v Slobodskoy, I met him in the rooms);_______1161_______his first question was: "Kak, you are elected as a vowel." I rejected: "No, do not elect, vote." "It's a pity, said. Kamyshansky," but I want you to be sure to be at the next regular provincial zemstvo meeting; I mean you as a member of the provincial zemstvo council, at least the time of the meeting "I reject:" This, Your Excellency, is impossible: the members of the provincial council are appointed by the governor only when the new composition. vowels will not choose anyone from their environment, and then after repeated elections. * The governors saidѣ: "Yes, it’s wrong, I missed it. Then it’s better to be. * * If you want me to be only at the first provincial zemstvo assembly, then it’s possible only in quality before the publisher of the district council, by appointment because of a district, because the district assembly is in September or October, and the provincial assembly is in December or January. For the provincial assembly, all district elections are always over and all the councils are elected or have a new meaning, they will be approved. together with provincial voices bubbled, are kѣ Zemstvo sobranіyu and predsѣdateli uѣzdnyh council, kak elected and appointed - nye ot government. " The governor, said: “Yes, that’s wrong. Then I will appoint Vasya as Chairman. Sloboda district council. Well, and how about Vasya Shklyaevѣ - right or left. * I disagree that "the rightmost one, and in no case ѣ I do not want to deprive him of a place, and we should not miss him from Slobodsky. * The governors said:" Well, I’ll give him no placesame; but why are you so firmly convinced that he is right. * I denied that when you gathered the provincial zemsky and I was the first three years and Yumashev brought eleven commandments from Moscow, then the first A.N. Shklyaev stood up..YES_______1162_______- when standing against these commandments, following himѣ, Kamyshan - skyy said ":“ Yes, then there is no doubt about the right. But how can I send in order to conduct Vasya. ” I rejected: "Yes, in the second place, the Vyatka governorate will still be either one or another, where you won’t be elected before the sender, or if you don’t approve, you can appoint me there before the provincial assembly, if only I have the right to do so to appear at the provincial assembly. " Ka Myshanski confirmed: “It’s completely wrong, then we will leave this question open until October, and then we will see where the government will need the representatives, and I will leave it to you - choose yourself which is more convenient for you.”On the way back from Kholunitsy P.K. Kamyshansky zakhal kam nam in the village, 11 or I have tea on the terrace, and Kolya’s sons took off the whole company, mainly the governor, on a photographic amateur card. Have a dinner with us. Kamyshansky refused, saying that he would soon go back to Kholunitsy and then take the opportunity, come together with his wife, who considers herself obliged to send a visit to your spouse. Then we will stay with you, if you like, have a whole day, have breakfast and go to inspect. "- Weekly, two days later, we were telephoned from Vyatka, that the other day the governors were the chairman of the district council and blow to Kholunitsa and the governor asked me if I will be home, then they will tell you exactly what kind of time to blow and blow out. mnѣ, have breakfast, together with your spouse. I denied that for a week I would still be at home, and later I would leave for Petersburg. An hour later, they called me again by telephone and spoke on his own. P. .. Kama shanski: If it’s convenient for you, then we are the presiding officerBUT)_______1163_______ - ships and their wives can leave the day after tomorrow morning, and if for some reason you don’t like it, then you can be a day or two late, or we can only call in together, i.e. I’m a wife, and before the court clerk, I’ll go to Slobodskaya, there I’m going to go up and let’s go to Kholunitsa together. ”I disgusted that for us to go tomorrow and I would not want to violate their plan.” his wife, but only we are not familiar with them; You already take on the acquaintance, and we will give the wife and I’ll pay a visit later. But I must warn you that on the same day I am planning to leave from Vyatka, the manager of the Vyatka branch of the State Bank, Vlada Dimir Ivanovich Shchelkovo, who has arrived from St. Petersburg, and from the Central State Bank, the Inspector. Alexandroma Vasilievich. Kalashnikovѣ. If you find it inconvenient to visit us at the same time with them, then I can offer them an offer to take another day, and if you don’t have anything, then it’s indifferent for us, because they don’t miss out on business, but only on a visit are guests and out of curiosity, look at the shoe factory. PC. Kamyshan skiya said: "Fine, then we will not turn off, we’ll leave Vasya away and together we’ll go to inspect the factory."The next day, I was in my vows of Vyatka. BE the frequent shop of my father-in-law A. A. Rukavishnikov, the niggles at the many bartenders with the Bulychevsk steamer, pal, hunting. Micah silt. Al.Rukavishnikov and tells him that on the Kamk River, on the Sokolkay marina, he didn’t manage to buy a small live sturgeon very cheaply. He wants to go to Archbishop, but for that. K. to the governor and offer to sell them - whether,,_______1164_______to name a little on this. 2. A. Rukavishnikov dismissed the pathet: “The governor will be leaving for Kholunitsa tomorrow. Now we have a son-in-law, Vakhrushevi has been talking about this, and if I want to, I’ll ask my son-in-law if he can buy from this Vasya everything sturgeon or {{half . Challenge me Finding out that sturgeon. poundsѣ by 25, the barman bought it at a fifty ruble rebellion, and also bark to sell at a ruble. I bought all the sturgeon and took it home with me.We met at the State Bank. V.I. Shchelkovѣ and smiling A.V. Kalashnikovѣ, informed them that tomorrow the governors and the chairperson of the district court are still having dinner with us, and therefore I ask them not to be late and make early breakfast. Having returned home, I ordered to make breakfast, invited from the Slobodsky cook Trebilov. Then I invited by phone to visit, to get acquainted with the new governor. F.P. Tѣsnikov, Nikolai Ilyich Vakhrushev and Mikhail Ivanovich Vakhrun..Shev.At the appointed hour all gathered. At breakfast, after snacks, boiled sturgeon was served. After trying, P.K. not to be considered immodesty, I’ll ask you to repeat such a sumptuous dish. " Apollinarіya Alexѣethe races gotten drunk again, they fed the boiled sturgeon all over again. They took it all and ate it more and more at the portions, then the game and everything else. But, unfortunately, then I did not know the order for which dish which wine relies for, and our orders were with everyoneone_______1165_______- Vyatskysѣ are the same: at the beginning of the meal everyone was offered vodka, brandy, sherry, madeira or port, whoever they want, and for the last post of narenғa - shaman. Vyaptichi did not know either white or red wine, or didn’t have the habit of treating them and no one prompted or advised. So at this time there were tѣ: ke, ordinary, and in the end, for coffee - liquors. An hour after lunch, or after breakfast, everyone went to inspect the stubby backyard of a shoe factory. We began to eat the plant, i.e. from. a nickname of a soft floor, in the order that the raw material comes into the backwater and, after going all the way to the drum tanning and fat, go to the winter to dry in the wind, and then darken the top. the second floor of the plant, a heated dryer, finishing and finishing cutting, and then the shoe goes into the factory. Yashel with all the guests and gave a detailed explanation. Next to the dryer, a bath room was fenced off, bath shelves were arranged with warriors, and this bath was heated by an outgoing steam from steam engines and a few hot and cold water were arranged, so the whole day, while the machines were working, this bath was all working alternately they could wash their steam or just slide down - take a shower. When everyone got to this bathhouse, I explained that all the working days were daily, uncontrolled and free of charge, I could use the bathhouse whenever I wanted. II.k. Kamyshanski said: "I understand this, and I like it most. I see that the manufacturers did not only care about their interests, but thought about the convenience for the workers." I explained that we still have tacos to establish this * order: for all workers there was a large wooden bathhouse, it was heated every Saturday. To do this, appointed on Saturdayd_______1166_______ - ny 2 workers who should put water into the bathhouse in the morning, bring firewood on the horse, stoke the bathhouse, and heat up the water supply, which would be enough for all the workersѣ. ; when the number of workers increased, the bathhouse was already being fired for two days in a row, thus four men’s and two horse-clothes fell on a heated bathhouse. Translating this into material calculations, the factory owner had to spend some amount on a weekly basis to spend on the bathhouse and spit the cost of the wood that was burned in the heating bathhouse. Today, the bathhouse is heated daily by outgoing steam. The machine’s car, as well as the hot water for the bath, comes from the common tank, in which it is heated through the steam through the same steam. Thus, now we have completely reduced the cost of the bath to zero. And along with 2 days a week, workers can be washed daily when they are free and when they want, without losing their working hours or hours of rest, and the chiku factory does not cost anything. If you can put it that way, then the breeder was also pursuing it, and his and his working interests combined the hidden and the usefulѣ. P.Kamyshansky said: “I agree with you, but, to save it, not all the factories have taken into account such calculations and considerations. I have seen a lot of factories, and the first I see that the workers are given free daily use of free hygiene amenities” .On the way back from. We don’t feel sorry for the ле lunar governor oleki, since I was already in Il-Petersburg. But you September once again went to Kholunitsa and in the morning you called me or my wife from Vyatka by telephone. I went to the phone Apolli Nariya Alekseevna. PC. Kamyshansky asked: "Is Peter Alek Sandrovich at home. * She turned away that St. Petersburg was, but a day later_______1167_______two or three. PC. Kamyshansky said: “In this case, today you can drink at 4 o'clock in the afternoon, and on the return trip from Kholunitsa, after 3-4 days, have breakfast at the end if Peter Al returns by then. I have to see him . " Apollinaris Al, rejected: "I am asking for mercy, but my husband must be sure to come no later than two days later." At about 4 o’clock Kamyshanskii official with a special assignment missed and, having drunk tea, we definitely said when to be back, and left. Apol, Alex. protela graphed in many places in Petersburg that on such a day it is imperative that the governors touch one, returning from the moon and have breakfast, so that I can bring a snack if necessary. Each time, returning from Il-Petersburg, I always drove some snacks or fruit or greens, i.e. for example, which cannot be obtained, for example: pineapples, pears, artichokes, asparagus, radish, early fresh cucumbers, granular or spawn caviar, and sometimes smoked whitefish or oysters. Of course byGbeaming. such a telegram, and this time I’m carrying somea little superfluous delicacy. І.Е. Kamyshanskі for this time also froze and asked: "Where do you get such things that ryat in Vyatka is nowhere to be found." IHe explained that it was my habit to always bring hotel guests from E-Petersburg - to eat their family and friends with delicacies that cannot be bought in Vyatka. From business conversations it turned out that P. !!. Kamytansky asked me, as a former V. Vyatka, to go to him breakfast every time, because a local meeting had begun, then perhaps he would have an urgent need to inquire about someone from the land of different vowels of the different Vyatka province, and I almost at all I have friends and I know that I have other_______1168_______.tagwhere there is a lack of knowledge in our country’s police department, it’s useful for him sometimes to get acquainted with those and other information, and, moreover, it is advisable to choose with me, through which district the president of the district council should take me to the provincial zemstvo meeting.Two times, no more, I went to the governor. Finally, they suggested the following: “On four occasions I did not approve the representatives of the district councils: Vyatskiy, Orlovskiy, Sarapulskiy and Malmyzhskiy. Do you want to take Vyatskiy leave, together with me, without approval from Nikolai Ivanov. I said: “It’s not convenient for me to have the Vyatka merchants, although, of course, you didn’t have any approval for your thoughts or political conviction. But Vyatka merchants could think that Poskrebyshev wasn’t approved only because of this It’s to place Vakhrushev, and this is to serve many people in private. And to the public bank to the detriment. Then, while standing as the chairman of the Vyatka city council, during the provincial congregation, I have to go in and take part every day and take part there.I don’t want to get involved in it and have no time. Assign me wherever you want, anyway, because I don’t go there to serve, but as far as I can tell you, I will only come from that place at the provincial zemstvo meeting. " fi.k. Kamyshansky said: "You still need to go to that place for one day, take a position, inform official about your entry into the post, and then ask me for leave, for illness or for holidays, you can just fit it to Rozhdestvensky And after the end of the leave, it was already right to the provincial zemsky assembly right here, to the provincial administration7. NOTfourthatwoo. one_______1169_______ I said: “I didn’t foresee this, but if so, then appoint me to Orlovskiy district, as soon as possible from Vyatka - 50 versts. I will go there and, on the very first day, having accepted the position, I will inform you by telegram of entry and immediately "but? the same body of grams, I’m going to ask you to leave." ... Kamyshanskі agreed, keep my word that I won’t be detained in Orlovѣ, but immediately give me a telegram to leave. Vizval B.I. Sadovskago instructed me to write a request from me to appoint me before the sender and to submit it to the Minister of Internal Affairs for approval, so as to receive an up-front payment before the First Congress. Sadovskii was surprised when we left the governor. I had to tell him about the secret, the reason for my appointment. Sadovskiy said: “Look, it’s clever, purely done. Everything is red, as well as your Slobozhans. Kama shansky politically and silently broke all their combinations. You’ve been voted for in Slobodsky only at the request of Omashev’s two henchmen, they helped Prince Gorchakov to destroy all provincial zemstvos in all, if they, in revenge, looked for a way out - to prevent you from being vowed by the election of the next provincial zemstvo council, and you will come from the Oryol zemstvo. It is very interesting to see how they all be amazed and how they swallow this acidic saw. It’s really wonderful and witty, only with your mind. Kamyran was quick to think of such a combination, and most importantly, you went ahead and agreed to accept the government’s presidency are right, and even you can leave. Honor and glory to Vam. ". The numbers of December 18 or 19 call me to Vyatka ot_______1170_______named after the governor. I came to see the governor in III / 2; I was invited to the dining room. I see - so served for four. Soon Ekaterina Grigoryevna Kamyshanskaya came to the dining room, greeted and said that Pyotr Konstantino had gone to the station, received a telegram that Minister of War Sukhomlinov was passing by, going to the Far East and the village of Zhelaktsy. Peter. Konstantinovich a little see. "It is possible that the husband will bring. Sukhomlinov to have breakfast here, since it’s worth two or more hours to get to Vyatka. We’ll take you to your profile for now, we’ll have breakfast with us." Indeed, minutes must be reached in 15-20 Kamyshans'ky village. Sukhomlinov prіkhkhali. I introduced Kalmyshansky, recommending that he was the largest shoe manufacturer in Vyatka, suppliers to the army, and he was also the chairman of the district council for the appointment of the Government. Look at us in Vyatka there are some merchants, not like your Petersburgers or about skvichi "Sukhomlinov is surprised to ask:" How so. “II.1. Kamyshansky invites you to sit down for such breakfast and at breakfast says that “in the very first days of my visit to Vyatka, thanks to Vakhrushev, we managed to hold at the provincial zemsky assembly a state convention of the desired candidate, rightly, unified, For this, he voted for him in his uezd during the election for the next three years, but I said that by all means I want to have him as a member of the provincial congregation, at least the first regular session; when will iratsya stavѣ with the new provincial council in the new trehlѣtie and invite him to appoint him vѣ members of the provincial council of naznachenіyu of the Goverment -t_______1171_______ va, but they denied that if you had suggested a lot of the chairman of the provincial council, you couldn’t come to serve either: I couldn’t leave my job, and they told me that if you need time for the provincial assembly, then it’s legal to introduce him as the chairman of the district council of the district, and you took yourself and a seedy district. Today it came from St. Petersburg• approval ". Then. P. Kamyshansky addresses me:" I greet Vasya with the approval of the post before the Op Opendor to the Zemsky Zemstvo Council, when you deign to go to take care of your position. "I thanked, saying:" Took on the tug so don’t say that you’re not a dozen — I will serve. After the luncheon, you, Your Excellency, will probably go to the station, and then, about three hours, if you decide to go back to Vam, you will receive your directives, and when I scan, I can send to Orlov. "When I arrived again at about three o'clock in the office of the governor of Toru, he handed me a paper about my appointment to Orlov, saying that it would be more convenient to leave 3-4 days before the holidays, so that you could stand by the district council until you dispersed on holidays for mothers, in order to have time to hand over my documents on the appointment of the Oryol Zemstvo and to inform him of my entry and my vacationѣ. "And I again tell you ladies that I without delay will let you leave the telegraph." I promised you to go on the 20th of December in the evening, on the 2nd morning I will be in Orlov.Having gathered at home on the 20th in the evening, I was the wife of a prikhal vyatka to ride horses to the city of Orlov. They gave us three of the Zemsky horses. At this time, we went to Nam Vyatsky our apartment Dikhail Ivanovich Karelin with his son..2_______1172_______ Alexander Mikhailovich. To go to Nam to pay for the raw materials purchased during the current autumn in Sivѣ c. Perm province. It would be advisable to return to the factory in the village, to settle accounts with them and to leave in the morning, but I, having given the word to the bernator to be in Orlov in the morning, found it inconvenient to change this word. I asked Sil Karelinykh to come to the village and wait there for two days. At 7 o'clock in the morning in the city of Orlov, we stopped at the inn, where we were. our relative Fedor Ivanovich Plat recommended that we stop again, saying that we temporarily stopped, and after the holiday we went again and then we will look for a permanent apartment. By 9 o’clock I went to the district council of Zemstvo. There, he found already at the services of the secretary of the Zemstvo government and all employees, but there were no members of the Zemstvo government. I knew the secretary, handed him the documents of my appointee and asked him to draw up a telegram for my inauguration, you became the chairman of the Zemstvo Orel administration, and at the expense of the zemstvo send a telegram from the Vyatka to the governor, leaving a copy to you for the zemstvo and spend it on the outgoing book. Later he asked the secretary to acquaint me with all those who heard the council, to send the party to temporarily share the apartment of the intercessor - the chairman, a member of the Zemstvo council, the peasant Lozhkin, whom I had been acquainted with for the past three years, as a vowel of the provincial zemstvo. Then I asked the secretary to give me a lot of information about the journals, resolutions of the zemstvo assembly and all, waiting for an urgent resolution. While I was reading magazines of the zemstvo collection, the secretary filed many signatures with a bundle of paper. Inspect them, I see that there is more issue of a complaintE._______1173_______For doctors, medical assistants, zemstvo teachers and zemstvo employees in general, or for paying other zemstvos zemstvos for bills for any small calculations, including 20 rubles and an account paper and suburban Zemstvo zemstvo; managementѣ. I signed all this and gave it to the secretary for immediate execution. I came a member of the Lozhkini council and suggested that I accept the cashier. I said: "Please, you still have to cash a little, and then we'll talk to you tomorrow. More details *. In the magazines I read up to the decision to write out a school for the next year’s local Vyatka newspaper, without indicating which one. I asked. Lozhkina: “Well, you already wrote out newspapers for schools and hospitals, according to the decree.” He said that they still wanted to write out on holidays. I ask the secretary to give me many information about the school, hospitals and other institutions where to write newspapers according to the decree of n_ia zemskago The secretary unscrewed: “Prepare the list, the other day we were planning to make an extract.” Bring the list to the public, go away. I ask Lozhkin, a member of the council: “And what newspaper did you intend to write out.” Lozhkin replies: “Yes, I don’t sign. I would probably tell the secretary to take out the same as they wrote out last year. It seems Vyatka Rych. * I’m saying that I would suggest writing for the next year Vyatskiy Provincial Governments as a right-wing newspaper, and secondly, they have now become much more interesting: they have a new hired editor, and then write the editorial staff and Kamysh governor very interesting to write. Lozhkin dismisses: "I don’t understand this well and almost intentionally didn’t send a letter before the arrival of the New President, and now youі піг._______1174_______P7,fromwhatdecide for yourself; whatever you say, we’ll write it out: "I write to the submitted listѣ:" write out the addresses indicated at Vyatskiya Guberniya skviya vdomosti "to the above and I sign: the chairman of the Oryol Zemstvo council P. Vakhrushevѣ. I pass on Lozhkin with a request to give money from the cash register today. to all the newspapers and to have them send them by mail today and show me the many mailing lists tomorrow. I said goodbye to Lozhkin, saying that now I need to register with the police, then go to the telegraph office and some other guests. I'll see you tomorrow. Calling a cabman, a policeman. I had an unlimited passport with me. Yan in this passport noted that I was in the city of Orlovѣ of the Vyatka province on December 21, 1909 for? 30. I have this passport, you carry it abroad. I still have it. I went to the telegraph out of police custody, and filed my name on behalf of the telegram to Vyatka to the governor asking me to give you a two-week vacation for the holidays, signed by Vakhrushev, Chairman of the Oryol Zemstvo Government. I filed this telegram at my own expense and did not miss the outgoing number of the Zemstvo Council. So that you governor did not know that I would soon leave, After the telegraph I paid official visits to the director of the real school, to the tax inspector Vikentii Iva novich Kazenin, to the chairman of the meeting Alexey Petrovich Bulakov, but I didn’t leave anyone Everywhere business cards that I had already been authorized to buy in Vyatka, but I stayed here only by hand from my temporary address in Orlov. Npiѣhav, after visiting my apartment at the inn, I found out that I already had a nasty visit to the directors of a real school, I was shameless with my wife that why didn’t I writeі_______1175_______in advance to anyone else you can - you could find an apartment for us to stop here with great inconvenience. his wife explained to him that we intend to return home for the holidays, and finally come here after the holidays, then we will be looking for a permanent apartment, and now we will temporarily stay. Hey, because there’s more that Orlov hotel isn’t, and you stay with acquaintances in a private house - I don’t want to stop friends. Soak up the evening, we had a great visit from the visiting co-chairman of the SEZd, Alexei Petrovich Bulgakov, as his wife, they began to invite us to drink tea, and then went to dinner with them in the local club. Having hosted Bulgakov’s apartments, we went to the club with them and met there as an equal. A.P. Bulgakov introduced me, saying that this is our field’s berry, sorry, but I didn’t come here for long, at the heightened request of our governor, for political reasons. The police officer was sitting. from. by us in the company all evening and have a dinner with us; treat A.I. Bulgakov didn’t allow me to pay at least part of the bill, saying that: “I have repeatedly visited you Vyatka and my wife and I. We are very glad to see you at home, but unfortunately, you were in haste and we couldn’t treat you at home, and therefore we decided to treat you to our club for your wife, because there is always a cook there and there are all kinds of visits in store. ”Sometimes it’s only in the evenings. There’s a lot of undesirable audience, but today it’s good. Before the holidays, besides the military foreman - the source of the equals, there is no one to want, for many years he wanted Subscribe to dinner. " A.II. Bulgakov was in the course of my appointment and approve of it, but was surprised that I agreed to lose this time without any personal interest.5_______1176_______I rejected that principle: the left sought to save me and the gubernatorial assembly in the election of the future provincial government, and to retaliate against them. I will again be at the provincial assembly, and on the other side, from where they did not expect and are powerless to act against it. The next day I came to the Oryol Zemstvo Council, - to send a telegram to the chairman of the Zemstvo | Council Vakhrushev. Having printed it out, I read: “I will distribute you a two-week vacation. Governor. Kamyshansky,“ I spent three hours in my office ы the council, read the journal order, returned it to the secretary and said: “I received two weeks’ leave from the governor, please prepare that paper. I’m glad to reinstate me, a member of the council Lozhkin’s, and today I’m resigning. I still have urgent cases or signatures, let’s do it. ”At that time, a female doctor from the Velikoretsk District Hospital appeared to complain about the midwife and the hospital staff, moreover well, she repeatedly wrote to the council and appeared herself, but she couldn’t get any sense: wait for the chair of the chair to wait until I came to see me as a permanent chair and then informed me that I would remove him from the Velikoretsk hospital and that’s all I’m taking my revenge. I said: “Maybe this is just the time he’s clever of his decision and I willingly join myself in doing this, but after 2-3 days I have holidays; like E Bn, so I want to spend on holidays with my family or, at the very least, at home. I got a vacation and today I’m leaving for Vyatka. Apparently, you have been waiting and suffering for a long time, you will have to suffer a little more. If God pleases, we will remain alive and well; if I return after my leave of absence to perform my duties in Orlov, then I’ll be nearbIRone_______1177_______I will try time with. The Lozhkins came to visit Velikoretskaya’s hospital and settle all the misunderstandings there. "The female doctor, calm down, promised to wait and left, but so she didn’t wait, I probably regretted that I had returned a lot and she had to wait again for the appointment of the new chairman of the council.The tax inspectorѣ of the city of Orlov, Vincent Ivanovich Ka zenin, was our closest relative, i.e. cousin of my wife. When we were with him visiting the apartment, then the servant told us that today he is in the district jury and will probably be home late, probably, late in the evening. A.P. They did not find Bulgakov: he was after being in the district. courtѣ, But, at the end of the court case, Bulgakov, arriving home, found out that we had been without a visitѣ and ourselves, having gotten into a wife, left the room and brought tea with us to our apartment, as I described above. But we said that ours would still want to go to a relative V.K.Kazenin; although they were with him, but they were not found. Bulgakov said that the Tazenin’s jury all day were in court, and recently they were being jailed. They left the court. "But he is. To live close to you, you can send me to go to them." Then the Ott Bulgakovs again went to Kazenin Каз. They lived in a “stone two-story” house, upstairs. Come in, the apartment was uncomfortable, along the narrow wooden stairs, a long dark corridor. Having come to them Secondly in the evening, when it was already dark, we groped a little to the door, knocked for a long time / there was no call /. _______1178_______They were to accept us. You left the card and took Bulgakov to the club.The next day, having received a vacation, having handed everything over to a member of the council, Deputy Governor Lozhkin, I explained to him that: “I deliberately did not accept the Cashier’s cash desk yesterday, knowing that today I will get a vacation and leave so as not to work again today, I don’t transfer cash to you, and I asked Vasya to set it up until tomorrow.After the vacation is over, I’m sure you won’t be able to get to Orylov, since the provincial zemstvo meeting would start, which would have to go from Orlov to Vyatka again. BE Vyatka, I will directly appear at the provincial zemstvo assembly from Orlovskogo uzd "But you are still pretending to condone. I I / 2 or 2 months, and then it will be seen." By the evening of December 22nd I was already. houses. It turned out that the Karelins received a calculation and left for home, as they did. On the 20th of Ki Nam village, they came to Pavel F., saying that they had seen me in Vyat - kѣ and I talked to get home only the day after tomorrow. Pavel F. I called the accountant Mikhail Petrovich Ivanov, asked to check the accounts submitted by Karelin and write bills on the amount due to him due. Everything was done, Karelins chanted a fee from Paul F. In the morning. M. 11. Ivanov reported to Pavel F. about the bank accounts and signature of the bill, the last Pavel F., having written, handed over to Karelin, and in the morning they left back to my Perm province. Thus, nobody had any damages or unforeseen expectations on the occasion of my departure to Zemsky. dulam. V. Orlov.After the Christmas holidays, on January 8, 1910, the provincial zemstvo meeting began, to which I came,whatR,.._______1179_______ as the chairman of the Oryol district zemstvos.Before open, we all appeared again to the governor. I was accepted againѣ 11.K. Kamyshanskyѣ was alone in his officeѣ and he briefly said: “I respect Peter Burg. Tonight for an economic meeting, to which the Minister of Internal Affairs should call all the governors, and I have to immediately leave. Here I am in the provincial meeting and the most burning issue is the choice Apparently, candidates, well-known vowels, as it were, do not seem to be seen. The only one who seems to be willing to go through the presidency of the provincial government is AS Depres, but I took his word when approving it, you are certain representatives of Urzhumskaya Zemstvo council - I’ve eaten it and approved - that if he pledges not to run for the chairpersons of the provincial zemstvo council, if only he will ask the assembly to ask him. : many. But the vice-governor remains here. Grigoriev, who you will complete the entire course of and daily cable to go to the provincial congregation, and you, please sanctify him and if you need to consult, contact me instead, I he is far away I instruktsіy. And what happens if they don’t decide to give the definite one to themselves, then they urgently need to ask me telegra fomѣ. “Zatѣm P.K. Kamyshansky asked me: “The last termination of the provincial zerkalskogo meeting You, as you said, immediately give the bid from the Oryol zemstvo. Do you have anyone to recommend to appoint Orlov’s place in Van. * I said: “I would recommend to Vam Orlovskogo the public thigh Ivanovich Latunov, after completing your educationone-tsipATI_______1180_______ leaf. By profession, he is a landowner, an experienced rural landlord, extreme right-winger, a monarchist. "Kamyshansky said:" They talked about him, but it’s as if he didn’t really develop and not explain. But I’m being asked by the chairpersons to. Orlov Kibardin, officials, son-in-law of the current landlord Ilya on - do not you know him, and what you about him, many. And if you do not really insist on platoon, then I would like to see both of them today and talk; which many will seem suitable, appoint that one. ”I said:“ I don’t know the kibardin, but I only know his father-in-law Ilyin. I can’t say anything about Kibardin. Regarding F.I. IIlatunov, I speak firmly and definitively about his conviction, because I know him 15 years, they are my relative. I know that they are not red-handed, but persistent in V. Oryol zemstvos — they always argue and stand in opposition to the Zemstvo zemstvos, that I heard Bulgakov or myself and became convinced by reading Orlovskiy journal zemsky ruling. But I recommend Vam to him only because he would have been as unpleasant for the left Oryol vowels as I had been undesirable for them. But he himself, I believe, is not particularly keen or doesn’t need to take this position and, if he agrees, it is only in that case that you should go ahead if you wish. And his oldest to take, i.e. my brother-in-law Afanasy N. Plat is new, even asked me not to persuade and not to hold brother Fedor vi before the founders of the Oryol administration, because this will result in damage to their common agriculture in name. * P.K. Kamyshan withwho said :. “Well, I understood everything and I see that you are not looking one-sidedly. Let’s stop at that. Tell Platunov to come at two o’clock today, I’ll talk to them, but_______1181_______ тѣмъ такѣ and рѣш у at one’s own discretion; which I consider suitable for the future, I’ll appoint him, I’ll give the corresponding vice governor directive in accordance with the directive, because at the time of your resignation, I probably will not return from St. Petersburg, and Grigoryev will be without me and submit to the minister to confirm who I am I'm getting it. "I told Fedor I.II Latunov everything in detail, and he went to the governor for 2 hours, but, apparently, he did not like the governor. As a result, it turned out that, after Orlov’s resignation, Orlov was appointed chairman of the Zemstvo council of Kibardin. Frankly speaking, Fedor I. Platunov wanted to get to Orlov by appointment and was elected, by choice, he did not hope to be elected as his vowel and never ran. But he was interested in, firstly, the honorary position of a government official, and in the second, to receive materially 2000 rubles of annual allowance. But take it Afanasy 14v. believed that personally for him all this is to the detriment. to a common cause, 10 th, I’m grateful to you that if you take Fedor dopadet to the chairmen, almost all year round you will go to the city of Orlov, and Astanasy is 14th c. It is necessary for one to work in the country, to manage all the farming, and for the maintenance of the children of Fyodor, the remaining families and the content of Fedor I. czheny himself, in the city of Oryol, all household products must be taken from the general account, and received my Fedor. 1. The alovan will remain entirely with Fedor Iv. That Afanasy Iv. seemed a great injustice. Sweat - he was convincingly asking me not to bother the governor rum about the appointment of his brother Fedor Yves. at. chairpersons. In view of this, I frankly detailed everything and told P.K. Kamyshansky mu, on the one hand, entering the personal interests of his son-in-law Afa_______1182_______Nasiya Iv., I found it fair, do not distract Fedor Iv. His homeworker was happy, but, on the other hand, wanting to send the Orlovs to the left Zemstvos one more unpleasant troubles, he wanted the appointment 5.I. brass. But so as not to enter BE. a deal with my conscience, I was pleased that all this was done by the governor himself at his own discretion. But I believe that Kamyshansky would also have decided to appoint me firmly recommended - B.I. II Latunov, but the last one spoiled it. The point is that you are the previous three-year Fedor Yves. true provincial. Zemsky vowel. I am the father of the Oryol Zemstvo and, at my insistence, we chose him for six months; you are the auditors of the economic zemstvo for procuring bread and butter, and the fee is 150 rubles per month for the maintenance of the duties of the living. The work of the audit stretched almost to the heights. Fedor. Willow Plat once again during this time lived all the Vyatka si vein, and his children you took care of him and her brother and Athanasius Eve. Indeed, all foodstuffs for maintenance on Fedor took them 2-3 times a month, they lived in Vyatka in the guesthouse, occupying one room, keeping their salaries completely, not spending anything for the common property, but the older brother Afanasy Ivan., working in his name for himself and his brother, is very tired and outraged - they are unjust - their brother Fedor’s relationship to his overall management and management business: At the end of the revision of the food and economic economy of Moscow. Once again, an unfavorable result of the staging of this case was collected, but since it was conducted at the expense of the provincial zemstvo, it is allocated annually by the provincial zemstvo meetings, but. ...?_______1183_______the case was conducted by volost governments headed by zemstvo chiefs and congressmen throughout the province. Probably also was conducted in other provinces. At the same time, it was discovered that some zemstvo commanders were so inexperienced that they erroneously gave orders to the volost elders to us, obviously damaging. for the day. F.I.Platunov, again, as an experienced landowner, having gathered all the material, he decided to shine before the provincial zemsky collected by his knowledge and his own, with hard-working materials, and without hesitation, he could process and prepare the entire report zemsky assembly The name of the auditor - assistant secretary of the provincial zemstvo council, a man who is progressively convinced / does not remember his name. The assistant secretary wrote reports, very clearly depicting the lack of knowledge and the wrong actions of the zemstvo chiefs who are in charge. an echo, purely zemstvo, was a matter, while a zemstvo, giving it a means and having among the vowels and servants of experienced agronomists and rural owners and peasants, were completely removed from this matter and at the same time briefly brought such phrases from a proverb, “If the pies start the shoemaker’s oven, and the boots are the same as the pies”, oruntil you rumble — the peasant doesn’t cross the cross ", and put in some purely revolutionary slogans to Fedor I. Plat, I liked this report very much, that it’s clever to bring the whole fair picture of the situation to the collection, and we have well distributed the wrong report of the zemstvo’s leadership, , until you know how to do it before anyone, when they began to hear the report of the provincial provincial assembly, the chairmen of the congressional commanders._______1184_______sit and blush with a shrug. A.A. Knyazev II calls.іand he asks me: “Who did this treasure put to him? You listen to the end, because he was all composed of a revolutionary spirit against government officials. Why didn’t F.I.Platov previously show this report to you or to you. All of these to report the facts in a more mild correct form and without revolutionary slogans. I didn’t expect Ot Platunov to be like that, considering him always the extreme right. ”Probably, in this case he would also be a fake if someone was extremely left or revolutionized A. I said: "Of course, I have not seen the draft report and never with me on this subject F.I. I didn’t say platoon again, but only today I heard from him that the assistant secretaries of the provincial administration had processed the report completely / you are here and there, you administration, retyped it on a typewriter. "A.A. !! nyazev said:" I I guessed, this is another one of the old masculine abscess. One can be so careless and up to a hitch - this is F.I. Pilat is unforgivable for the most part, he had compromised himself, had to consult with his like-minded people beforehand. "I don’t remember what decision was made about this report. But all around clarifications, when the item of Kamyshansky rushal was asked about the appointment of F.I. Plat as the new chairman of the zemstvo council in the city of Orlov, some of them were Knyazev or another, Kamyshansky was told: the previous report in the previous year, signed by F.I. . Platunovym, and, much each It seems that this hurt most of all. And Plazunov got into the chairmen of the Oryol Zemstvo Administration. I believe that the governor Platunov was not hard on this report.,,5_______1185_______t!breathing convinced or not knowing how to make a report correctly, without understanding the people, entrusts people with complete hostility of the camp and signs the report with revolutionary slogans.In the evening. before Ezdom P.K. Kamyshanskago in Petersburg, I went into the governor's house to say goodbye. They are many, by the way. said: “I nevertheless stopped my choice as the chairman to catch Kibardin, you will not chase me for it. * I unscrewed:“ On the contrary, my son-in-law, i.e. brotherѣ F.I. Plat is new, I will thank Vasya and me that F.I. Plat will return to his homework again. "Thus, the governors of P.K. Kama are Shansky, on January 8th opened the provincial assembly, in the evening left for St. Petersburg.The provincial zemstvo meeting on all the next questions flowed calmly, normally. The day on the 5th or 6th, the new vowels having already become acquainted with each other, the chairman appointed the day of the election of the composition of the provincial zemstvo council. But in about 2-3 days, the vowels in groups began to confer and mumble which one to take before the leaders of the provincial government. Voices were heard again, suggesting Khmashev again, another Depreis, the third new vowel Pankov, and finally, Kotelnichesky vowel I.I. Igoshin to say many things: "And what do you suggest that the representatives of your Slobodsky chair of the council, Alexei Nikolayevich Shklyaev, like him very much? , and in my opinion it’s the most suitable of all, although it’s very rare to speak to the provincial assembly, but in the folding committee it always appears reasonably and persistently, always with good reasons and almost always it manages to convince the whole commissionand .. 14_______1186_______- this. "I dismissed that many of this thought has never come to catch, but I believe that he himself never dreamed about it, and then we’ll be sorry, Slobozhanam, to regret letting him go from Slobodsky. But all I’ll talk to him. With him and with the governor. I spoke with several of my associates and all approved this idea. I reported all the negotiations. In detail to Alexei Nikolayevich Shklyaev, asking his opinion. He unscrewed: “For me, this is a surprise, before that, before from vtyat, I have to think everything outside this question, advises I’ll talk with my wife and the head of the governorate, and then count the votes: will the majority be elected? ”I said:“ There’s still 2-3 days, think about it, and I’ll talk with the vice-governor as I asked Kamyshansky . "In the evening, I ponel to the vice-governor Grigoryev, told him in detail about all the candidates proposed by the groups and my conversation with Shklyaev. Vice-governor Grigoryev communicated in detail to the governor, Kamchatka, to the governor Kamyan total Al call me tomorrow by phone to ѣ myself ’. The next day at noon, Grygo roared me and told me that A.N. Shklyaev governorѣ doesn’t mind if Shklyaevѣ give the word unanimously to work with the provincial administration in the event of his election. Grigoriev asked me if I could together with Shklyaev come today to his apartment at about seven in the evening. I have appreciated. In the evening we are S.A.N. Shklyaev came to Grigoriev. Last, they showed Klyaev the received telegram from Kamyshan Skago. A.N. ShklyaHaving read the telegram, he said: “I can manage the volume of indifferent work with the government administration.”"._______1187_______I must admit that I, in Slobodsky, began my service as appointed by the Government, and I was never married to the detriment of government interests for my entire twenty-year service. But questions about consent to run for the post before? The publisher of the provincial zemstvo government I have not yet decided. Of course, first of all, I considered it necessary to find out the views of the governor on my candidacy, that is, if I was desirable; The second is that I wanted to consult with my wife, and then, finally, I will give my consent to run for office when I find out the chances of being elected, i.e. I’ll see from preliminary notes how much will be given for my election. "The vice-governors said:" I will telegram this way: to the governor in Petersburg "Having agreed all the negotiations with the vice-governor and with Škläe to the assembly chairman, A. A. Knyazev, on the eve of the evening’s election, I arranged in my apartment not very crowded pre-election council, for which A.N. Shklyaev, having warned me and Knyazev, did not come, so that his presence would not hinder others from expressing openly many opinions about his candidacy BE before the shareholders, moreover, he said that he had already spoken with his wife and that although she might not have been very willing to deal with Sloboda, but in extreme cases, for the sake of business, I’m ready to reconcile myself and cross the Vyatka. “But personally, I will give my final consent to run only when it turns out that the majority vote for me in the notes. On all the remaining questions, how can I decide to meet, I give the floor ahead to join my vote to your common decision. Tomorrow, let Peter Aleksan Drovich communicate what and how will be foregone. " On a general meeting in the evening. in my apartmentѣ, the main question.fromke"***_______1188_______The meeting was discussed candidates for the chairmen of the provincial zemstvo council. Yai A.A. The prince frankly told the meeting that the Kamyshansky telegram expressed his wish only from A.N. Shklyaev, and the rest should be found undesirable and, if Shklyaev is not passed, but preferred to leave the vacant vacant seat of the chairman of the provincial government - will be again. before the tenant by appointment. Does anyone have a mind for us?Bearing in mind that the composition of the provincial vowels from the front of this session, which began three years ago, has completely changed against the past, many vowels have entered and these are three years old, as well as many completely new vowels, almost completely lost waiting. Therefore, we, who may be right-wingers, but not having a firm assurance, were not invited to the meeting, and in view of this, our meeting turned out to be not crowded. But we nevertheless decided to support only A.N. Shklyaeva, and all the rest try to vote. They began to count the votes for Shklyaev’s candidacy; counted firmly reliable. 22 votes, but 6–8 dubious votes, with which they asked to speak tomorrow.The next day, the moment has come to choose. They began to submit notes of the proposed candidates. It turned out that the votes were broken: 22 notes were submitted for Shklyaev, 20 notes for Deprey, 15 for Pankov, 10 for Yumashev. The Chairperson asked everyone, starting with most of the notes: if you want to run. A.N. Shklyaev from - seemed. A.S. Deprey, saying beautiful hoot for the effect, also refused 1 letting him know that he was forced against his will_______1189_______refuse. Asked P. Yves. Pankova - he refused, but some 2-3 voices shouted ul: about si m. Pankov agreed. They ran for - they turned out to be ballotedѣ. They offered Eoma Sheva - he defiantly agreed to run for election, and it turned out that he got even less election than Pankov. More willing to run was not. They informed the governor that the presidential election had not taken place. Have you started - boram'men imen governing. There were a lot of people who started and they startedBallot one another. But our group, not having its own candidates, was indifferent to the election of members of the council. The members of the council turned out to be elected: P.I. Pankov, M.N. Naumov, V.A. Gusev and I.I. Igoshin. All of them were governor, as a result approved. The next day, the Governor’s official received an official paper. / According to the zemstvo position, in case of non-election of the chairman of the provincial council in the first elections, to hold the second election, and if in the second, there will be no one willing, then only the governor is appointed, at the discretion of the administration, the chairman of the council /. All this order was from the outside, and for half a day, there were conversations in groups; some tried to persuade the dep flight, not knowing the true reason for his refusal. And some have tried to get you the benefit of Shklyaev among the opposition voices. Sloboda vowel, managing director of the Kholunitsky plant, engineer Dmitriy Arkadievich Bogaev sky, addressed the meeting personally to Alex Nick. Shklyaev, frankly, said that he did not know anything okan didaturѣ A.N. Shklyaev, to whom he always sympathized and sympathizes, and would willingly give his vote for him. But he seemed to be the only suitable candidates P.I. Pankov and_______1190_______ A.S. Depreeys. Now Pankov’s candidacy has given up, he has already been elected a member, and Depreyz refuses / apparently does not hope that there will be approval /, and therefore he will willingly run for Shklyaev, as well as other. But now I was predetermined by Slobodny vowels, that in the event of the vacancy in Slobodsky the post of the chairman of the county council, for the translation. Vasa to the provincial administration, will there be a relative in Slobodskaya’s appointment to the representative of the district council? Vakhrushevs, P.R. Zarkin. And therefore I was asked to speak frankly about this. If you give an honest word that this will not happen, then we will cast all our votes for you and you will be elected as chairperson of the provincial government by a huge majority. ” A.N. Shklyaev unscrewed; “I didn’t have a single step in the ballot to run for the chairpersons of the provincial council and only to give the governor the general consent to run for election when the absolute majority among the congregations wishing my election was found out. And when it turned out that I had the majority for me, then I refused today. I categorically refuse; to bind myself honestly before the voters, I’m not namfren, more so that I can’t know what’s in the mind of the governor — he didn’t tell me why he should find my candidacy desirable and I won’t consult with anyone: whom to appoint in Slobodskaya. Could you or I think that Vakhrushev would be the chairman of the Oryol Zemstvo administration. It never occurred to anyone, but the head of the governor rushil did it. It could also happen in Slobodsky. : You think and are afraid of Zarkin, and the governors could send you a lot of Zarkin’s hooks “Thus, Bogaevsky went away Ot A.N. Shklyaev, not before_______1191_______*:go finally not agreeing. . .The foreman of the assembly, Knyazev, asked to take revenge,. announcing the collection open. I read the order from the chief of the governorate to make secondary elections of the chairman of the provincial council and turned to A.N. Shklyaev: "Do you wish to ballot today." A.N. Shklyaev unscrewed: "I refuse." From all sides it was heard: “Ask, ask ..” Even Bogaevsky, Deprey and many of the opposition shouted: “About this, about this,” but A.N. Shklyaev stood up and said: “I categorically refuse. * The chairperson asked Dep Reis:“: do you want to stand for election today, Aleksandr Seryevich. ”A. Depreyts unscrewed:“ Yesterday I refused, and today I categorically refuse. ”Pres the meeting clerk asked: “Is there anyone who wants to run for parliament?” No one responded. The chair announced that there were no repeat elections - no one barked for running. He announced a break. During the break, Gart vani, vowel Glazdazskago up is the president of the Kirsinsky plant, go up to many and say: "You know, being the step of the chairman of the Malmyzh council, Nikolai Alexandrovich Shubin. He is now with us in the Kyrgyz head of the zemstvo. In view of the fact that no one, the chairpersons of the provincial government, elected, I want to recommend to the governor N.A. Fur coat. How do you look at this thing. * I denied that I remember N. A. Dubin very well: my first three-year vowel, he was the chairman of the Nal Mylsk Zemstvo Council, and we three-year-old joined together in the provincial zemstvo assembly, and personally I really like Nikolai. Dubin, and take it, Ivan Alec. Shubin, on the contrary, I really don’t like many, and I personally find that if Neeat_______1192_______ stabbing Alexander. To appoint Shubin, it will be good, in any case it is better than Denrey. Gartwanѣ saidѣ: “So, I’ll speak for him with the governor, and if necessary, tell the governor your opinion too. A. Shubin.” I denied that now I am no longer a vowel, and if my opinion isn’t possible, I won’t be considered. Garth van лся sanged, saying: "This is your modesty, but you don’t risk anything if you tell, in case of whom to follow, your opinion." I said: “I will gladly support Nikolai Al. Shubin on occasion, and you already stand by, you can even tell me that I know N. A. Shubin from the good side. * Garth van shook my hand, say: “Look, it’s good.” In the evening I visited the vice-governor Grigorye wa, once I told him the conversation between Bogayevsk and A.N. Shklyaev, and Otvet Shklyaev. Kamyshansky would be contented, but if you could have carried out A.N. Shklyaev, they too would have been very pleased, but nothing is wrong . Now, the Governor of concern: Who namѣtit horoshago unto predsѣdateli provincial council. " I told Grigoriev my conversation, p. Garth vanoman about N. A. Shubsomeone who wants to recommend to the governor the leaders of the provincial zemstvo council, and asked me to support the motion for Mr A. Fur coat. “If you write to P.K.Kamyshansky in Petersburg, Hart van’s petition about Shubin, with reference to me, you can say that although I know very little N.A.Shubi on, but he always made a good impression on me and I I believe that he, as the betrayer of the provincial government, will be no worse than IA Sukhov — such a firmly persistent and, in all_______1193_______com case, better than depress. But after the end of the provincial assembly, I will go to St. Petersburg., I will see p. PC. Kamyshanskyѣ and I’ll talk to him about everything, by the way, about N. A. Shu * bin б. "On the eve of the end of the session of the provincial zemstvo assembly, the vice-governors Grigoryev arranged a meeting for all the chairmen of the congress and for the chairmen of the zemstvo administrations. I was at this round, as before the editor of the Oryol Zemstvo administration. All were seated II about cards, but, to the surprise of all, I was a seat among the presidents, behind the main one. table, not far from the hostess. After the end of the last day for the delivery of the province and the assembly, I asked the vice-governor the same day for my resignation from the representatives of the Oryol Zemstvo Council. It turned out that from the bid to go again to the approval of the Minister, this representative of the Governor. From St. Petersburg, through the governor, I received notification already after E month that my resignation was approved and, at the same time, Ki bardins received notification that they were approved by the Chairperson of the Oryol Zemstvo Council. From the moment I was appointed, and until the day I confirmed my resignation, I was considered as the Chairperson, approximately four months. I receive from Orlov, under the signatures of the Chairperson Kibardin and the Secretary, the negative notice is that during my service to the publisher. Oryol Zemsky Council, many salaries owed 700 rubles. “We ask yours to indicate them where to bring them or where to send them to you.” I refused, I refuse to receive it - I donate this amount to Vivny Fond of the Oryol Zemstvo. I didn’t receive anything from it, but then, Bulgakov’s and ot F.I. Ilat again heard that omohours_______1194_______-th:her refusal to receive seven hundred rubles due to a plurality of donations, the Oryol Zemstvo Government reported to the next Zemstvo Oryol Assembly and about the donation of this amount to the Oryol Zemstvo. But the assembly didn’t even need to thank out of delicacy to thank for the donation, but the vowels chuckled, saying: “There would be nothing for him to receive: you won’t bring any benefit to the Oryol zemstvo, and it would be a shame for him to get zemstvo money”. Bulgakov wonders that if there’s nothing at all, but they have the right to receive them, but not receive, he himself sacrifices their Zemstvo. In silence they said nothing, and in the magazine they did not respond: Vakhrushev’s refusal to receive seven hundred rubles. take to the light. Tѣm and ended.After the end of the provincial assembly, after submitting a statement to the governor about the resignation, I immediately went to Petersburg on my contractual basis. Governors P.E. Ramyshansky was still located in Ileterburg, a block on Konyushennaya, a European hotel. I came to him and he detained me for about two hours, everyone was discussing the Ozem meeting, about all of Vyatichakh; they express regret that A.N. Shklyaeva BE chairmen of the provincial government, but I have proved that it would be useful for Shklyaev and for the governor if we could manage with our right votes and gain more power for the election of Shklyaev, and when the left failed with their candidates and began to propose A .if. Shklyaev’s votes, bribe, I would have refused Shklyaev’s revenge - it would have ended up in two chairs and for three years considered myself to be bound by an obligation to themѣ; therefore, it seems to A.N. Shklya ev did not stop to pass their voices and did not give them a trump card V.5.eleven_______1195_______hands - to reproach himself that he is their protege. 1 about my him.d.This is disinterested and deserves full approval. bp Kamyshansky fully agreed with this. Then they said: "In writing from Vyatka that Garving should get busy about the appointments of N. A. Shubin, and it’s as if about this the truth should be talked about." I confirmed: “Indeed, the conversation came true, Jan. I know little of A. Shubin, but they made a good impression on me, and I compare him with. Sukhov and, in any case, would be better than a dep flight. In addition, he is very keen on Garth Wing, and in my opinion, Garth Vins would not have begun to praise the head of the governorate of a man doubtfully because of any personal interests; my conclusion is that you can trust the words of Garth Wing. But the best thing is that I would have left this question on Your place until You arrived Vyatka. Call at that time. ON. Shubin to yourself, you will conquer with him, and according to your personal impression, do what Ram tells you your inner voice. "II ... Kainshansky said:" I didn’t think so, but I don’t know how long it took meneighs the minister. “Then a question touched on our trading business. Kamyshanskiy was asked:“ How long have you arrived in St. Petersburg and how to get your business done? ”I once said that I had a good business, a contract, but all this is good if it doesn’t happen during these five years of war , and in recent times, everyone has been talking about war. "Like you look at it, and don’t they say anything about it in 1111, where you are now spinning a lot." P.E. Kamnan skіt otvtil: "It is very difficult to say with certainty and who should fight to fight. The political situation is very tense and busy. Russia is completely unprepared for war. In any case,from_______1196_______soon there can be no war, at least, until 1912 or 1913, but if there is a war, then it can be world, i.e. all states will be divided into two groups, and all will be dragged into * the general world war, and such will drag on for a few years, and how it will end - God alone knows. During the conversation P.K. Kamyshanskіy all grabbed szbya sideways. I asked: “What is it that you grab yourself with your hand. Are you healthy. * You should take a nap, fool your heart, doctors advise you to relax and have free time. I say:“ You can’t work like that EE Vyatkѣ worked - in the morning you already begin to sleep at 8 o’clock, and in the evening sit until 12 or up to 2 hours. All right, you’ll undermine all your strength. "II.k. hours a day, then only I will know the whole province, like my five fingers, otherwise I don’t like to take up anything. "Having returned from St. Petersburg to Vyatka, I Uzdal to Turkey, and then to the Far East. At that time P. Kamyshansk was BE Byak, and the Prime Minister Petr Arkadyevich Stolypin ѣzdil in Izhevsk and Votkinsk arms factories, examined, and the Vyatka governors P.K. Kamyshansk met and accompanied him all the time. Apparently, the item Kamyshansky caught a cold on the road, or overworked: having returned to Vyatka, he fell ill and suffered a heart beat and died suddenly. BE Vyatka. At this time I was returning from the Far East. They sent me a telegram to Irkutsk. I, by telegraph, expressed condolences to his spouse, Yekaterin}Lii!_______1197_______Grigoryeviћ, and home to his sons домой telegraphed to lay wags on the coffin. PC. Kamyshanskago.The grave is eaten by the departed. drove to bury V. Petersburg. the entire population of Vyatka was escorted to the wok hall. The mass was at school, from educational institutions and from private individuals. Our son Kolya studied at the 4th or 5th grade of the Vyatka real school. The director appointed him to carry him to the train station from the Real School, but they went to the director and explained that they were still in the network of their family, by order of his father. Then the real school's school to carry the wisdom assigned another student.So many more and could not see CE SE P.E. Tamuanski: E.Having returned home from Siberia, we soon went to Petersburg with our wife for his sights. On Sunday, we decided to go to the Alexander Nevsky Lavra. K. liturgy, and for tѣm found the grave of P. Kalmyshansk, bowed and whether they served a memorial service in the church. Then we learned that in three days there will be a fortieth day in p.k. Kamyshtanskyѣ, the requiem liturgy will be performed and the liturgy for the graves in the presence of all his relatives. Lin and his wife on the appointed day again returned to the Alexander Nevsky Lavra at the liturgy, and met there, widowed, by Ekaterina Grigoryevna Kamyshanska, who, after the liturgy, requiem and litas, invited us to pay a memorial service with her to our apartment. After lunch, she asked us. still to meet her before leaving. And they gave their word, they went once more on the eve of our departure from St. Petersburg. EGKa Myranskaya showed us the crystal service, beloved by Peter Konstantinovich himself, and said: “Would you like to commemorate Peter Konstantinovich in memory. I lost half of the serviceI-one_______1198_______Al, Yak. Tyryshkin, taking away from Vyatka, and this part was detained specially for you, although Taryshkin wanted to take the whole thing. We accidentally bought this servis from us very inexpensively, and I decided to do it once - to add honey to my best friends, at cost. Because for myself, it’s not suitable for my ear, now I live in a little? I’m grateful for my sister’s doorway. I thanked you for buying this service: glasses, glasses and glasses 7 I don’t remember. For the last time, when I was in St. Petersburg, we also visited I or 2 times to the grave of Kamysh / Anskago and brought on Ekaterina Grigoryevna Kamyshanskaya. And then descendants never saw her again. PersonallyI still have the best recollection of him and a pleasant impression of him in my opinion. Although I am confidently aware that personally I was not as useful to him as it was for Prince SD Gorchakova. about my actions during the governor of Gorchakov, the chairman of the Kotelnichesky congress, Ivan Ste panovichTeplov was expressed as follows: "For Prince Gorchakov and in general, as for the governor of Vyatka, you brought so much benefit that I would fall asleep on his place of the Order of Vasya, and he repented and did not think about it. E - take everything for granted . " With death II.k. In Kamyshansk, I completely disassociated myself from the Zemstvo activity for three years, did not look into Slobodskoye army, nor the Vyatka provincial assembly, was completely not interested in the activity of the Zemstvo and elected representatives in the Berne Zemstvo council; for some reason, I immediately lost all interest - I was interested in the fact that I had previously sent in my enthusiasm. But it is possible that this was due to the fact that all the time and energy went into this period of time for their commercial industrial leather business, for the expansion of the production of shoes for delivery to the army.fromE.Er_______1199_______Upon returning from Irkutsk and Tomsk to VE Vyatka BY at the end of 1909., I in Vyatka got up the arms of Nikolai Pavlovich Rylovi and Radyil Vasilyevich Nakhnev and asked them: "What are you, match-makers, in Vyatka do." They many reported that they had arrived from St. Petersburg to the delegation of match manufacturers with their lawyer, Pavel Leonidovich. Rashkovichem, to persuade Vyatka - match match manufacturers to enter the All-Russian match syndicate, and they were called today for an ambush. I just told you that Alexei Evgrafovich Kukhterin in Tokyo will help me to attract all the Vyatka match factories - editions, but I was told only conditionally that it would be advisable to do it with the assistance of the manager of the State Bank Vladimir Ivanovich Delkov, agree to this. N.II. Rylori and R.V. Makhnevi said: “It would be very good, please try to persuade V.I. Shchelkov, and now we’ll go and talk about this with our delegates from St. Petersburg, and then we will give you a message, letting us know the hour of the meeting” . I found the BE State Bank., Once said in detail all V.I. Shchelkova about my conversations in Tomsk with. Kukhterinom and living with Rylov and Akhnevy. IN AND. ESCHELK attentively listened to 1 said: “I’m inadvisable to help Vyatka match makers, but I don’t understand anything BI etiE syndicates! XE dah and I agree only on condition that you will stay in revenge. . “I agree, saying,“ Rylov and Pahnev have made an announcement? It’s time to learn yours. I have one and I’ll advise them 5 to personally invite Vasya. "After talking with me, NP Rylov, Ya. A. Zubarev and RV Pakhnev. We went in person and invited V.I.Shelkov 11a to make match_______1200_______the factory owner was on the same day in the evening. IN AND. Shchelkov averted E: "Denya already asked for it. II.A. Vakhrushev, who asked for Kukhterin. /; I agreed in principle, but only Empress. Alexander. * In the evening. We were at the BE European hotel owner of this hotel there was already Mikh.Vas. Mironov. / From Petersburg, including delegates, there were manufacturers: Iz Yaroslavl - Alexander Efimovich. Dunaev; Ekaterinburg - Stepan Vasilievich Loginov and lawyer II .. Rashkovich. More than all oratorical lawyer Rashkovich. factory owners ѣ more all ѣ persisted the largest matchstick, Andrei Ivan Sapozhnikov, trying to defer the greatest amount and reduce his own Vyatka competition, Vl. 14c. Shchelkov said: "I intervened in this matter due to requests from P.A. Vakhrushev, which I asked to go to Tomsk and seeing that Vyatskie match-makers, until now, fiercely competitive competed each other, as well as themselves. Because I am interested in supporting the well-being of the Vyatka industry, I see that the All-Russia Match Syndicate should follow the general All-Russia goal of supporting the industry and equalizing it throughout Russia so that there isn’t the same as before, i.e. - it’s, and in another district there are shortages of goods - the manufacturers there are enriched, and the population, for not matches, pay three times the price. Therefore, reasonable syndicates, legally existing, are not only not prohibited, but even encouraged by the government. Therefore, I will only ask all the Vyatka factory owners to think carefully, weigh them thoroughly, moderate their appetites and arrange a generally useful business, and not run away from it, outliningone_______1201_______ fishing without reckoning with anything. "AI Sapozhnikov said that his factory in the Vyatka province was older than all and most of all took out earlier and worked out more now. But new manufacturers appeared and required a larger norm, which they almost still and they didn’t work out, or work out, maybe the first year. "They have hardly seen any losses yet, but we have already taken dozens of losses, created, expanded the business, ie sowed and sowed, and now, naturally, we sowed more than others, and therefore we have the right to explain more; therefore, we also pro portionically require a higher rate. If you reduce others, then we reduce Vienna. If you don’t want to slow down, then it means that it hasn’t started yet, the time hasn’t finished, wake up, continue to take it off. "I was silent all the time, then asked for the words, saying:" I am not a match manufacturer and not interested in this business, and I don’t I can advise or criticize neither small nor largeѣ. factory kantov. But I consider it appropriate and practical to tell the Bam a example I have tested for myself, namely: we, BE have our leather goods, although it’s not all-Russian, but it’s time for it to syndicate, which also includes large and small breeders, and there has also been a struggle per quantity. Then nana. the largest breeder, always himself, in the first place, gave an example of compliance and always said that whoever gets the most is proportionally larger and must give in. Without agreement I incur a loss of 100,000 rubles, and a small breeder incurs a loss of 10,000 r. With the agreement, I do not lose these thousand, but still get the benefits of 100,000 p. So I vaintereso van in two hundred thousand. Kalenky breeders, in addition to 10,000 losses, receive only ten thousand benefits, i.e.four.Tit_______1202_______ They are interested in twenty thousand. Knowing that without a concession it will not work, then there is a profitable concession of 20,000, and let a small concession of one thousand, I will have 180,000, and they will have 19,000. If small breeders are not satisfied, then I’m ready to give up all 40,000: I will have another 160,000 p., And small 20,000 p. Thanks to such discussions, the pit was always settled and the small breeders, seeing such a good example, followed him and immediately came to the desired result. "Yekaterinburg match factory cant Stepan Vasilyevich Login you got up, approached me, put up a hand and said:" Thank you, Vanya Zoloty words, although I’m not a Vyatskaro paiion, but if one of the small breeders of the minimum quantity has a reduced rate yet, then from my norm I give in to the use of Vyatskiy small factory 10,000 boxesѣ. * 3a in late time, the postponement was postponed until the next day.The next day, the State Bank registered a loan. Andrey Yves. Sapozhnikovѣ submitted to the accounting of bills of 120,000 p. But on this day, the bankruptcy of his cousin, Semyon Ivanovich Sapozhnikov, a suchechnego peker, by 150 thousand rubles was discovered. One of the members of the accounting committee stated that between Semen Ivanovich Sapozhnikov and Andrei Ivanovich Sapozhnikov they were friends in the banks - kindred bills. Of course, the bankruptcy of Semyon Ivanovich will not affect the creditworthiness of the match factory, nor any risk to take into account Andrei Yves. Sapozhnikov these presented on 120,000 p. bills, but maybe it would be figurative to postpone the registration to the next committee for 3-4 days,...oneone:_______1203_______ to clarify the bankruptcy of Semen Ivanovich Sapozhnikov, and the match factory owner is connected no matter how much. Andrey I. Sapozh nick. Governing, Vl. I. Shchelkov said: "I have nothing against them, but how to say the rest of the committee." Beginning 10 is to ask everyone - they all unanimously join in order to postpone the registration until the next meeting of the committee. The members of the accounting committee began to say goodbye to the manager and diverged: I approached the last, I give a hand. Vlad Willow says, "Stay a minute." Left alone, he could say: “Andrei Iva is a newcomer. Sapozhnikov will now seize himself and will blame me and Vasya, to say that this is pressure for yesterday’s match Cindy's perseverance.” I reject: “Well, you tell him what was to be taken into account, do not completely refuse, but only postponed until clarification, and he can wait 3-4 days, and if he does not have time to endure, we need to go today You ask himfrankly give you a lawsuit, what is the connection between villages related to centuries by Simen. Ivanovichem, look at the extract - you will see that the amounts are insignificant, tell Andrei Iv. That in view of the insignificant amounts. You take responsibility upon yourself, if it is absolutely necessary for him - you will take into account the accounting committee today without signatures, and report back to the committee as soon as possible, for which he will be grateful to Vam. ”After half an hour, Andrey I. Can Gyanikov appeared at the bank for the money The controller told him that registration had not taken place today, was postponed until the next session. Andrei I. excitedly said: “I am. and he knew: this is Peter Peter's day. * The inspector said: “Nothing of the kind: empty formality, we need some kind of information in connection with bankruptcy. Seeds Yves. Saloyanikova. You are betterhBUT:: TE_______1204_______. go to the manager yourself, talk, If you really need it, you will ask the manager, maybe they will agree to take it into account today. "Andrey I. Sapozhnikov went into the BE office and started to say excitedly that this is not related to the meeting in equal time. stopped: * We don’t connect private affairs with the civil service, and we must strictly follow all formalities, taking into account not deviation, but postponement for a few days due to bankruptcy of your cousin: you need to collect certificates for us. presentation in Petersburg. I talked quietly, in a good way. If you can give me a lot of information, then it’s possible that, having studied the situation, I’ll let you take into account without signing this committee today, but if you don’t know, we’ll collect the information ourselves and in the next ѣ committee ’we’ll examine and, they’ll believe, but the works will be taken into account." Andrey Yves. all the references are accurate / what was verified by verification in the last. As suggested, there were not many friendly bills between him and Semen and Andrei Yves. the word goes that the State Bank has recorded bills of exchange Semen om Iv. not only others will be redeemed, but also all others, and with private banks of Semen. Willow hopes to enter into an agreement, as well as with private lenders. I said match. factory owners, neither I nor V.I. kiss, today and tomorrow, don’t come to their place, believing that they have done their thing, everyone said that it’s necessary, and we believe that Sapoyalnikov and other stubborn people will be concession in the end, and if our presence is still needed, telephone me and I in 2-3 hours we will go to Vyatka and together with V.I. Shchelkov we will come to the meeting of match factory manufacturers. It has been 3 days. I will come to Vyatka next to the accounting committee. B_______1205_______The meeting of the management committee reported on the status of the accounting and friendly relationship between the financial institutions, saying that the connection is insignificant, there is no risk, taking into account the day, but still the registration of the State Bank was beneficial: Andrey Iv. guaranteed in his own word that all the bills paid by Semenov and Sapozhnikov in the State Bank will be redeemed. The members of the accounting committee of the all - Sali Sapozhnikovskiy registry back or back number. When the members of the accounting committee began to diverge, V. I. Shchelko again asked me to stay. The only person said: “I went to the number of township Rylov and informed me that the syndicates had gathered two or three times and all to no avail. They wanted, it was completely different, and the question was asked: call V.I.Shelkov and P. .A. Vakhrushe, thank you for the chores and ask Vakhrushev to talk in detail about everything to Kukhterin. Finally A. !!. Sat changed his tactics, immediately made a painful concession and made another effort to take it again tonight - I hope to finally agree. He said that many people reported the same thing over the phone, but I believe that anyone Today I’m going to come to my apartment in my city, if we still call for an appointment, then we’ll go, but if they’ve already finished everything completely, it’s better not to show ourselves until you call, indeed, N. L. Rylov, went to my apartment and reported that “Andrei Ivan Sapozhnikov’s steel is very soft, we hope to finish today and tomorrow Loginov, Dunaevѣ and Rashko will blow us to the factory, in the village of Spasskoye, and on the way back we want to to be sure to you. visit and thank, as well as drop by all and express thanks to Vladimir Ivanovich. But weT.E4.._______1206_______Vyatskie, you want to give yourself something to Vladimi ru Iv. Shchelkova material, though 11 OSOVAvt ovasha with you. V. Vyat - kѣ, explain, Horopago cannot find anything, and to get from Moscow is a long time. We’d think to bring a good golden port of cigar with monograms from each Vyatka manufacturer to match, but Soon it won’t be done - it will take a week or two. ”I said that“ it’s good, it’s inconvenient to give money, and cigarette cases with monograms are beautiful and constantly all Vasya will not remember. But Now, come all the time with the delegate and delegates, and then, after 1-2 weeks, you come in alone with a gift; if you want, I will give him this skayag at. "Rіlov 'unscrewed:" This is nә. your discretion. "On the next day in the morning, the St. Petersburg deoegacy in two triples passed through our village NOT the village of Spasskoye B.L. Lѣsnikov and N.II. Rylov, and hours. BE five o'clock in the evening have come all to many. Everyone kissed me and thanked me that five years and studied and could not do anything, and the whole thing was obstructed, mainly by the image of Sapozhnikov. “Only Waki’s words of gold and V. I. Shchelkov came up to him, at the end he suddenly became softer / of course, I didn’t say any of them about the incident with bills when I took into account the State Bank /. After drinking a letter from me and drinking champagne , Stepan V. Login took me my word to visit him in Yekaterinburg when I find it possible, and Al.E. Dunaevoet 3 Zyalkh I’ve taken the word, you are to Yaroslavl to him when I go to the Nizhny Novgorod Fair or on the way back . And then, upon learning that we have carpentry glue, which we sell matchstick factory am, they offered to send it to the factory vѣ Yaroslavl hundred puds, saying that does not translate denegӯ of glue until zaѣdu him.GCHE_______1207_______I took great pleasure in visiting both of them, but when I found out that the day after tomorrow they would only leave for Vyatka, I said: "I will be Vyatka and I will eat in Petersburg at the same time, since I have scheduled a trip to Petersburg on this very day, and .I. Shchelko, probably, go to the train station to see me. " On the appointed day, I was in Vyatka, started singing in the State Bank, saying to V. I. Shchelkov: “All the matchsticks today are fine, and I’m going to Petersburg with them for my own affairs, and if you are free, would you a ride to the station, there with match-makers we’ll open a bottle of ku-another, congratulations on their happy ending. " Don’t let Leo know that if you don’t hold anything back, you must be sure to wait an hour before leaving the train.In the evening, we gathered at the train station at the appointed hour. All were treated to one another, believing that everyone was obligated to order a bottle in turn, so as not to remain in debt. St. B. Loginov from E Vyatka pohal to Perm and Yekaterinburg. Yak. A.Zubarev ѣhal with us to Kotelnich; Al, Eph. Dunaev. From Vologda, Ukhal went to Yaroslavl, and from Vologda to St. Petersburg. I ѣhal together with s.p. Paikovich and he was all surprised at how A.I. Sapozhnikov was able to be broken.Six months later, together with V.I.Lelkov, you were Peter Burg. At the same time A.I. Duty of ears. and Ya. A. Zubarev Vsѣ, a common company, jointly si II.A. Rashkovich, every day in the evenings we went to Leiner on Nevsky Prospekt, after drinking some beer for some. Then beer was considered the best. And after the BREW, jokes began. V.I.Schelkov was a great specialist to tell jokes, but even more, it turned out, he knows and knows how to tell II. l Rashko vichі, so with. 9 hours and_______1208_______until 12 o’clock at night we are sitting with the whole company in the middle of the room, at least it says one time, the others listen and laugh. A third-party public from the next canteen first listened and looked at us askance, and then began to listen to the IA - to listen and to co-operate with us. By the end of the evening, the HOUSE circle of our table began to ring around our company with a standing audience - fans of jokes, and the whole room was full, and all had a beer and a laugh. No other visitors with ladies were allowed into this room. But the storyteller once had a condition - everyone can tell, in turn, a joke, but certainly a new one, but we’re already telling him either — yesterday or the day before — not to repeat.a year later, I also visited St. Petersburg on my own affairs. There were friends from all over Russia match manufacturers ”and for the meeting took place in a large hotel hotel, opposite and kolaevskogo station, on Znamenskaya Square. All our Vyatskie match manufacturers came to the congress, and from all others. pai new, and from Tomsk. prіѣҳal Aleksѣy Evgradovich Kukhterin with his wife. They stopped the apartment in the Northern Hotel. I lodged on Gogol Street, in the hotel Parik. I went to the northern hotel to meet with A.E. Kuterin. It turned out that I was dead during their detention. Reported A.E. Euch terin and handed my card - when and where can I with. ii and seem to be. AE Eukhterin interrupted the meeting, send corridors out and hugged me, ordered me to enter the hall? . To sum up the presidency, Fyodor Stepanovich Kamendrovsky, to recommend to him and all the others: “Be my best and friend, Pyotr Aleksandrovich Vakhrushev, who, at my request, could help us to join all the match match manufacturers.NT1. XIX-_______1209_______ to the All-Russian Syndicate. "Hug me and kisses again. I greeted everyone. BS Kamendrovsky said:" Very nice, nothing to object, we will continue to sit down. "A.E. Kukhterin unscrewed:" It wasn’t a bear, I didn’t to kill. Today I will not continue the task, and I will not advise you. "Take me by the arm and take me away. I didn’t invite N.II. Rylova there either. Then, having eaten his wife, I had to eat dinner all the time. They kept asking me how many times I managed to join All the Vyatsky matchsticks whom we had courted for five years and couldn’t do anything. then we together with them, maybe we’ll do something, so success achieved more thanks to V.K. Shche . Kovu AE !! yxterin skazal: "I purposely zaѣdu vѣ Vyatka thank him and the second way repay Vamі visit - weather you. "To finish my affairs, I sneered out of Petersburg II ahead, and all the match manufacturers remained to creep their tasks. After a week, I received a telegram that the Kukhterins left you for Vyatka. I went to Vyatka and built them at the station, bring them to my Vyatka apartment. Then we eat A.E. Yukhterin along the way to the State Bank to Vladimir Iv. Shchelkova. They took home apartments. Alex Evgraf. Kukhterin, I expressed my gratitude to him personally and the whole Russian match industry, and I invited V.I. Shchelkov to visit me for a day, as it was on Saturday, Sunday. I invited another manager of the Siberian Bank,F_______1210_______Alexander Markovich Olennikov with his wife, as well as an invitation to the manager of the Russian-foreign bank, Henry Alexander. Oldeko pas, but refused to go to the village the last, and since G.A. Oldekol served in the Russian-foreign bank earlier in Tomsk and he was well acquainted with Eyxterin, and then Oldekop expressed the opinion that he would be very willing to see Alexei Evgrafovich and not to get rid of him with his refusal. Go to the village, therefore, ask for a break to go to the hour of your new Vyatka apartment for a couple of minutes, attest to Alexei Evgrafovich and his spouse. I suggested: “ІPo now please eat with us and have breakfast.” Oldekop альhal with me and stayed with us for an hour and a half, breakfast. While I was in the Russian-foreign bank for half an hour, A. Ye. Yxterini stayed in my apartment with my family. At that time, there was a furry breeder breeder, a handicraftman, Nikolai Ivanovich and drove me down and asked me to. His wife asked him to wait. A: Kukhteriny met Mironov, began to ask him twice about everything and generally about Vyatskys ’shubnyakakh and tanners, and how do they relate to the Vakhrushevs, kinship Ennik, or to conduct any kind of business deal with Vakhrushe village, NI Miri felt new, knowing that Kukhterin was a huge millionaire well-known throughout Siberia, began to be frank with him, that our business, handicraftsmen, was bad, we were competing with cool breeders We can’t stand the rent, taking advantage of our acquaintance with P.A. Vakhrushev - we go to him when he comes tight, there is nowhere to go: our brother helps out, he has connections and friendship in the bank, put in a word, look - one or another banktfromataiGApakaq.. .._______1211_______ and bail out the water. For some of us, they are like a father. Look now, as if he had come for the same thing: you need to take a small bill, take it into account, but the loan E seems to fill up. I want to consult with him first, before going to the banks. If he communicates on Monday to be a committee, then I will represent, otherwise I will wait until Thursday. With him, I hope, to take into account the excess of credit, and without it, it is probable that YAT will be inverted. We pray for God for him, he’s holding us all, small handicraftsmen. "I went to my apartment with GA Oldeko scrap. We started breakfast. I left Nikolai A. Mironov for a drink. At breakfast Alex Evgraf. Kukhterin addresses Oldekong: "How are you after Tomsk in Vyatka? So you got used to Vyatich .. and how bankE works .. "() ice 01th style:“ I’m getting used to it a bit, getting to know it, and the bank’s business went on successfully. " A.E. Kukhterin said: “But you won’t be as mystical as we were in Tomsk, especially for small industrialists - they’re handicrafts, like this uncle” - pointing to N.A. Kironova - “I’m here today, I’ve talked for an hour and a visa that he’s a man with Ana, and they must be supported.” G.A. Oldekoi answered ILE: “I’m a good sign of Nikolai Ivanovich, and in our bank, although not a big customer, but in good standing. * After breakfast, alone, N ..Mironov told many details of his conversations to si kukterin, but Tuvl asked me if I would be on the accounting committee for any business, saying that he needed to take into account 1,500 or 2,000 rubles, but the free loan was no more than I000 r. I said that a slight exaggeration is always allowed for everything - I’ve said that I’ve taken it into account, and I, in any case, will tell the manager that_______1212_______ You celebrated me and I will advise you to introduce the oval. Tomorrow I’ll see you, and if I have time to endure, leave it until Thursday, I will Thursday, probably, I will be in the committee. ”N.I. Mironov said:“ Better wait until Thursday, you will be more reliable, and tomorrow you will have guests, you have no time you can forget about my affairs — you can forget. ”From Vyatka we went to our village. A separate three horses were sent for the Kukhterins and a second for my wife and me. AE said:“ I’d better sit down as the owner and we will talk dearly, and ladies let them blow together and talk about ladies’s affairs. "Dear Alexei Evgrafovich, say many things: * After the conversation I’m with your guest, a handicraftman. Mironovysh, I found out about Vasya that I’ve accidentally wondered what money you can’t get for any reason. It turns out that you are among them, artisans, like your own father, and all of them are supported; they are for you to God pray for it. Honor and glory to you, and grant, and God send you for this - good people come to us, and support you at critical moments. " I rebuffed: “I myself grew up among handicraftsmen and came from among handicraftsmen, I felt all my needs and always appreciated when someone helped me disinterestedly.” We had such a Konstantin Ilyich. Nazarovѣ, he all had friends, he didn’t refuse anyone Val, no matter who comes to him for help or advice, a friend and a competitor, he can always help if he knows that he is an honest man and not a lie. And, of course, I cannot equal myself with him, but I’m almost all my own small industrial enterprises I know all their business and condition ie their honesty and difficulty Nost ofI want to support everyone, knowing that they won’t let me down, and I’m not risking anything. "We talked on this subject all the way. In the evening, we invited everyone invited.THESEsar_______1213_______ Vyatka guests. I didn’t invite L.N. Kiryan, the manager of the Volga-Kamskago Bank, because they were in Otzzd in St. Petersburg. For food or appetite you ate. The mass was that of: for match-makersѣ, for tanneries, for banks and for individuals. AE Kukhterin sat at the head of the table, next to my wife, and I sat next to his wife. A.E. I’m married to industry and commerce in general, got on my feet, didn’t stand sideways facing my wife, and his stomach was big, he sways when talking, his wife’s stomach is mumbling, and she considers it awkward to move away or stand up and leave, so as not to he was offended, but he, carried away by his oratory, dragged his toast out and did not worry about pushing the hostess into the shoulder with his stomach. Obѣdѣ dragged on after midnight. All guests spent the night. The next day they had breakfast and went home to evening.On the next day A.E. Kukhterin said: “I would like to go to the factory to old Andrei Yakovlevich Brovtsyn: I know him from the Vyatskys before I knew everything, and now don’t go to matches, I would like to send him the honor, and then pay him a visit if time is allowed it is possible to spend time with the rest of the match-makers .. "I immediately ordered to prepare and lay down the three horses and to share a hobby with the two for Cheptsa to Brovtsyn.at A.Ya. There were two houses in Brovtsyn: one in the village, not far from the church, and with him, on that same yard - an outbuilding, or not yet - the same house, and then, a mile away from the village, with a factory in which there had previously been an office and the master’s apartment, and then expanded, and in this house during the week, on weekdays, they lived with the whole family themselves, and in the main villageF th_______1214_______houses were on holidays or received guests, arranging dinner parties. The factory was already managed by Nadezhda Ivanovna, the widow of the dead youngest son, Ivan Andreevich. He had two children: daughter Alexandra Ivanovna and son Nikolai Ivanovich. With the four of us, the old man lived. Andrey Yakovlevich Brovtsyn.When we arrived in the village of Cheptsu, we found out that Nadezhda Ivanovna, as a son, had left Vyazka for her own commercial affairs, and he was an old man. AND I. A granddaughter browsing the house at the factory. Is there a win in his factory? Enter the house through the kitchen. The old man was very welcome and very flattered that: Kukhterin came to visit him, but it was a pity to look at the old man: he was sitting next to us and couldn’t see anything, if only the voice was small, I had to speak. Talking over tea, A.E. Kukhterinѣ refers to Brovtsyn at: “I don’t feed the nightingale of the fable, listener. We walked through the kitchen and saw there - the cook chopped meat; it would be nice to drink some hot meat on ryu’s ryochka”. AND I. Brovtsyn dismisses: "And the truth is, well, good." Call the granddaughter, let it be fifteen or fourteen: "Sanya, order to give us vodka and tenerife, and the meat is hot with vinegar .. If you eat vinegar, go and run away to bring from the village, remove the old house." A.E. Kukhterin say: "Well, conceive run, it is possible without vinegar." The granddaughter of Alexandra Ivanovna repelled: “Don’t worry, dear, everything is there.” Everything is served on such a glass of wine or served. AND I. Brovtsyn say: “If you began to rush slowly, so I would wash your ear with a sterlet. I have once had a chance to manage the state chamber, so I said that such a good fish is nowhere to be found.” Alexey Evgrafovichthenntre_______1215_______til: "Nothing, dear, we’ll sit, we have nowhere to burn, we’ve left for a quick visit, and we’ll try the ears from Chepetsk erased. asks: "What the hell, Andrei Yakovlevich. * A.Ya. Brovtsyn from the start: “Ah, it’s you, Stepan. Go ahead, bring a pretty sterlet for fish soup from the cage for four.” The fisherman said: “I’m serving. Which, Andrey Yakovlevich, is a three-pound.” The old man. Brovtsyn thought and unscrewed: “No, half eaten.” The fisherman left, but Alexander Ivanovna stopped him in the kitchen and reprimanded him when he was visiting It’s indecent to ask about pounds, ordered to choose a sterlet good, four pounds. I personally was very surprised then that the fisherman asked what weight to bring, and the old man definitely assigned him 2 1/2. I assumed that myself old man keep records of fish in the cage for memory, or something. But he cannot, well, does he really have such a wonderful memory to remember how much the sterlet was, how much they were eaten, and how much should be left. Need this question. I thought for a long time. through 5, when Aleksandra Ivanovna was already married to my son, Vikentіem, I accidentally remembered how we had an old man A.Ya. Brovtsyn with Kukhterin and asked A.I. whether she remembered thatthe shackle ordered to bring the fisherman to bring the sterlet not three pounds, but 2 1/2, should it be taken into account the sterlet in the cage, and somehow, blindly, it could make such a record. Alexandra Ivanovna then only explained to many that no accounting was carried out, but out of habit, when she gave==---- --_______1216_______four-the fisherman, it’s always called what, approximately, the weight to bring the sterlet, and the fisherman by sight determined the approximate weight. This time, maybe, deliberately while visiting, I found it uncomfortable to name the whole thing and said only: a good sterlet for four, and the fisherman, apparently, wanted to curry favor with the owner, show his accuracy, also asked his grandson what weight. But when he came out. into the kitchen, she made it through, then asked when guests were invited, and ordered him to bring the largest, a pound of 4 or 5. They then brought in 4 pounds. Dѣduaka did not even pay attention. They took fish and fish soup and praised, which, indeed, ѣ rѣkѣ Chep tser sterlet is very tasty and fatty. We never met a similar sterlet, and Andrei Yak. Brovtsyn explained to us that steamers heated by Tew oil now go to other rivers, while oil partly flows into the river, as well as other impurities, some of which fall into the fishes, enter the river. The way to taste the fish is changing, especially from not oil, but the steamships don't go all summer on the river Chepts, only the only time is April, when the ice goes off, every little boat goes to the full flood annually to Glazov and back, so that pollution There is no reason to be oil, because the Chepetsk sterlet is considered the best in Russia.Having hosted “Chepts” with Brovtsyn, in the evening we returned to mine. The next day in the morning. We went to the village of Spasskoye F.P. Lsnikov, they examined a match factory and furrier, they had breakfast and went to Slobodskoy to Demyanka to Dah Nevy. They didn’t even go to the factory, drank tea and some wine, returned home by evening. Next day A.E. Kuhte_______1217_______Rin insisted that he be brought also to the Sapozhnikov brothers at a match factory, as to the largest Vyatsky Kant factory. We went to Sapozhnikov in the morning, spent the whole day at a lower house, examined the factory and had lunch. Personally, many Sapozhni - Kovsk factory seemed to be the largest in size, but not well-maintained / especially compared to the Lsnikovskaya one, and it seems to be very unclear - there were scattered everywhere, although they were trying to clean up waiting for the guests. But Al. Evgr. the past is correct, nowhere has it been criticized, and everywhere has praised everything. Returning to the village in the evening, he greatly thanked me, both for helping to arrange the syndicate and for bringing him to all the matches. Vyatskyѣ, and for prairie. I took the word that when I was in Tomsk, I would not stay in a hotel, but in his house, in his personal apartment, alone, or a son, or better yet, a wife. Give yourself the word that as long as he lives, all the skin from them Kukhterinsky cares go to us essentially existing, and the money - when I want, then I can pay. Before ѣѣ departure ’, Kukhterin’s wife gave all our servants, kh harkѣ, maids ѣ and nannies, 10 rubles each. This incident not experienced by themѣ remained forever in their memory. Thur Thursday morning. The kitchen men examined our factories and factory, and after breakfast we went to Vyatka to leave for Tomsk .. I, as a wife, went to see them to the railway station and didn’t see them more. From Vyatka they drove to Tomsk for 2 did not come before the carnival. Prichav in Tomsk, Alex Evgrafovich, Kukhterin fell ill, and at the end of Shrovetide died in Tomsk. Afterwards, they told me that Tomsk was coming home, he’sE_______1218_______ I enthusiastically told all about my guest in Vyatka to Va Khrushevs, with all the details, and even told me many times about my conversation with Nikolai Ivanovich Mironov’s about me and, praising me, I put many to my own words as a reminder of what’s done for myself : "a completely unjustified peasant, the Vyatka handicraftsman, without even knowing, maybe, me, was informed by the fact that I would never have been able to find out if I had even started to collect information on purpose."They buried AE Kukhterin into their own glue under the church at their factories. At the funeral, and especially when they took them out of their city house to the factory, they saw off such a mass of people that no one remembers the similar gathering of people in Tomsk. A.E. Kukhterin was considered by Tomsk to be the best benefactor and very kind .; responsive to bѣdnyakovѣ. They had no children. Consistency; he had a huge and a lot of “city” houses left.. In February or March of 1910, having concluded PeterBurgsky district. The commissariat’s contract for a 5-year-old boot for the Irkutsk District, with the delivery of money to our factory and receiving money. in Petersburg, I turned to the banks so that the Vyatsky branch of one of the private commercial banks takes into account receipts received from Andnt dant skih prіemshchikov. The will of the Kama-Kamsky and Siberian banks refused - these operations were rejected, and the Russian bank accepted my offer for foreign trade, summarizing it for the time being. Negotiations in the Russian-foreign bank, in the board, we,Vyat skіye breeders, always led by the director. bank board_______1219_______Mikhail Aleksandrovichem} {rilichevsky, since they were a relative of Dmitriy Iv. Filipova / Kriclichevsky and Filippov married to their sisters, i.e. brother-in-law. We often met with. I.A. Krilichevsky at D.I. Filippov at a party, sometimes they played with him or they pretended to be screwed, and therefore they always turned to him as a friend, and for more serious questions DI took with them Filippov, whom we asked for mediation, or explain to M. A. Kriclichevsky the Quartermaster’s operations and practices with which banks are not familiar. In this case, accounting for the Quarterly receipts was not familiar to the banks, since banks had never before received this transaction and thought that the unlimited Quarterly receipt or almost no official documents, or the Quarterly payment could delay payments on them . Based on this, the Volga-Kama and Siberian banks refused to accept this operation, and the Russian-foreign bank! 1. A. Krillichevskiy, at my request, spoke in detail with. DI. Filippov, who explained that both at home in St. Petersburg and at the vengeance at the factories, the Quartermaster would give the manufacturer a receipt for the accepted quantity of goods. the established sample was exempted from its wines by the level of the book, since it indicates the accepted quantity of the goods, price and amount, according to the contract, such number / contract number is available from the receiver /. A copy of the receipt issued to the manufacturer is sent to that district Quarterly, through which, according to the contract, the manufacturer is paid the money, and the second copy of the receipt remains in the spine of the receipt cord from the receiver. Kwi dance is signed by the receiver and a government seal is placed._______1220_______ Each manufacturer or his confidant, having received such a qui dance, appears in the indicated district commissariat, presenting a receipt; in 2-3 hours, or, at most, on the next day, you will receive the assignment of the District Quartermaster to the appropriation for the local treasury, and the appropriation by the district commissariat will be immediately sent to the treasury by courier. So the whole operation received money. It takes about II / or 2 days.Many breeders, while the goods were being delivered to St. Petersburg Quartermaster clothing depot, receiving money, were made through the same D.I. Filippov, that they explained to M. A. Kriclichevsky that “there is no risk and no difficult bank to confront in this, all the work of the bank will be that the arteldik of the bank will be. Instead, I will be the district Quartermaster, and for the plant It’s convenient for Vyatka’s chicks that they don’t give the bank Qui Dance, at all times receive money from the bank in advance of Som. 75 or 80%, as agreed, and the bank for the money to get your accounting percentage and the commission that I half the factory breeders for these efforts to receive money .. "A. A. K rilichevsky about all thisѣ I reported in detail to the bank's management and the Russian-foreign bankѣ I accepted my offer, starting with our first company to take into account the International Quanti-dance, and as a result, this operation from the Russian-foreign bank has evolved into a continuous annual operation rubles, as all Vyatka breeders began to hand over goods at the factories and receive money through the Russian-Anonymous Bank. But some breeders somehow: T.F. Lapteva, I.F.:._______1221_______ Dolgushina and others, D.I. Filipov, through the same bank, but financed at his own expense, receiving for this 3% of the entire contract, but except for financing, carried out all this assignment for this company to St. Petersburg.With repeated mine. The Russian-foreign bank in St. Petersburg, I was introduced to the director by A.Krilichevsky. The Constantinople branch of the Russian-Foreign Bank (I don’t remember the last name /. The last one told me that last year in the Mediterranean, we floated you on special ships and this exhibition spent the whole summer in the Mediterranean Sea, the whole city) , who was on the shores of this sea, and also posted Konstantin Tinopol. ”Deadeu, by the way, at the exhibition there was a Russian section, among the exhibits which greatly impressed the audience were Russian yurpovskie skin and the publication was excluded -“ was it not your comrade Arriving at the exhibition. "I dismissed that I didn’t even know about such an exhibition, the directors from Ronstantinopol told me that the exhibits of the floating exhibition had sent me lots of money, sold their samples from everywhere, taking orders for deliveries of one-time and regular dates. “Why don’t you try to submit your offer of your soldier’s boots with us, to Constantinople for that; the army of Riga. I heard hell, in Petersburg, that you are now working on very good boots for the Russian army, and you are settling settlements with the Quartermaster through a Napkinsky Bank. If you started delivery to Constantinople, then through our bank you can carry out all financial transactions and personally I can, wherever it becomes necessary, render any assistanceatE_______1222_______at the time of your visit to Constantinople. "I thanked, saying:" I will take your advice seriously, and it’s possible that I don’t seem to come to Ronstantinople with the samples. But ignorance of any European languages, apart from Russian, is there a lot of inconvenience for traveling and for inconvenience. "The directors said:" There will be no inconvenience on the way: OPE Odessa to Konstantin Tinopol you can go on a steamer ск Russian steamboat varieties, they leave Odessa once a week, as far as dilnikam. On the steamer, all the servants and other staff are Russian, and according to the article c. Constantinople, I will be the ladies of the translator; I’m staying in Petersburg, I will live no more than a month. If you confess by then, then go ahead and go. "I said:" In a month I can finally find out and tell here in Petersburg - here, or not. Then you will tell Vyatka my telegrams the day of your departure; by the same time, I also try to get out and meet in Odessa. "From St. Petersburg I okhal vyatka simultaneously with. Al.p. DolgushinEmѣ. On the way, he told a lot of people: "We, Vyatka, are breeders: Dolgushins, Vakhrushe, Laptevs, at the suggestion of DI Filipov, were at the Russian-foreign bank, II got acquainted with the director. Constantinople from the Russian-foreign bank The last council was to send us the offer of delivering boots to the Turkish army in Constantinople, but we all refused, saying that it wasn’t suitable for us. They said that you also spoke to this director, but you don’t have a final answer, do you really think go to Constantinople zhenіem. " I am convinced that I, indeed, had conversations with the director and, with all desires, didn’t immediately get wetft f.•._______1223_______ to give a definite answer, because I must first discuss this at home with my companionѣ. And my personal opinion is such that I would consider it advisable to pay attention to this proposal, 10 which went through the Russian Bank: if you had to make a deal, the bank also had a moral obligation to provide all this assistance and financial support, and if it was not suitable, it’s only at the risk of traveling 500 or 1000 rubles. ”A.P. Dolgushin said:“ At first I thought the same, but the factory owners waved my hand at Shi Vyatskiye, saying that they should take goods abroad at their own risk - and suddenly, there reject that then. Drive back, and the mass is uncomfortable. I joined the common many, and also refused. "I said that I still think and will advise. I’m sure that it’s so steadfast; if the Turkish Quartermaster turns out to be interesting and the product is pleasant, then it’s good to speak with the Russian Embassy and the Russian - an external bank can be worked out, condition the production of openings at our factory through our Intendan or Odessa, or Constantine Tinopol, through the Russian embassy or through the bank. The main question is whether they want: whether they want to In general, I have to leave from Russia, since they had all the uniforms for the army delivered to Austria, and the second, also very significant question: can we compete with the valuable Austrian ones in connection with exchange rates, when translating, Turkish currency into Russian rubles and in Austria. This can only be ascertained by the very name on laѣstѣ, also through the Russian Bank "A.II. Dolgumin unscrewed: “If you’re going to go, I would have been hateful with you, come on, we’ll take a trip together. If you go out, then neither you nor_______1224_______it’s impossible to satisfy the entire Turkish army alone, so that we are not competitors to one another in this day — not enough for both. Only 2-3 weeks I can’t leave home; if you wait, then let's go: together. "I said:" I won’t get ready soon, when we will discuss something else too and you - rim, prepare samples. And then I communicated to the director of the Bank of Constantinople branch to write to Petersburg, if we decide. To go, so take it together and go, he should tell me how many days to go from Odessa the steamboat to Konstantin Tinopol. We should meet with this passport in Odessa with foreign passports in a day, and then we will meet in Odessa at the bureau of families and help us arrange a visa and all the formalities. "We did this, and agreed: if you did, then it would be time for it.Having returned home, first of all I told about the Turkish offer to the then Quartermaster, Yakov Nikolayevich Khudozhilov. He was energetic, booming, began to encourage me that "even the state is interested in exporting Russian articles from abroad. If Val manages to sell the boots of skie soldiers there, then the Russian government of Vam will render any help at allki, sendings and about chago. "I rejected:" I did not give a final word about the trip, not knowing how my companion Pavel Fedorovich would react to this. "Y. N. Khudozhilovѣ to say:" Yes, he will blossom for this, he he loves a lot of deliveries of boots for the army, but only one thing that he cannot say with the Quartermans, after his Chief Quartermaster for his sleeves, he relies heavily on Vasya. Many times1l_______1225_______He expressed and was surprised that Peter, Aleksandrovich, just as he could speak, could say so, “From hell Intendanti right behind you and listen.” Now, I don’t get involved, I see it better to go out. I go back for another year. before him, this was Inten Dantu who represented the samples of boots, so many even didn’t say anything. And they came up with some kind of guarantee and immediately persuaded the same Quartermaster, received an order, and then he and IIyatilny Irkut achieved a contract. "On the following day, in the presence of Khudokhilov, I scanned the hall to Pavel F., who is the director. The Russian-foreign bank calls all the Vyatka factory owners to c. Constantinople and achieve, with the help of the bank, the receipt of the test boot in the Turkish army. Almost all Vyatka breeders refused, only A.P. Dolgushin seems to be thinking. to drive. Pavel Fed. first question. staged: "But the surrender of the boot where: v. Konstanti notol or v Rossi. and. ty. N. Khudozhilov vmfal:" This is a secondary question. If the Turkish government is interested in shoeing their army in Russian boots, then change can be handed out, wherever you wish, and any support and benefits from the Russian government. Each state is interested in exporting its own products abroad. Soѣ and in this dѣlѣ; the most important thing is to achieve this 1109. rate. "Pavel F. say:" But I thought that the Russian-foreign bank had the right to buy Russian boots for the Turkish army. * I explained that the director. The Russian bank, constantly living in constantino 0 years, once told us all, the Vyatka breeders that there was a floating exhibition and at this exhibition the Russian yuft and all kinds of products from the yuft of the Russian all the Turks and Europeans are very_______1226_______ I liked it. See us in the bank from the director of the Petersburg branch M.A. Yerilichevskogo and having learned from him that up to 80% of the Russian army wear boots from the Vyatka yurt, directors from Constantinople and come to a conclusion that there may be interest in the Turkish government and shoe their army in Russian boots from such a yuft that we all liked you bid. But this is only his assumption, ie, he gives the advice to go with samples, to offer, but without any responsibility on his part - to buy or not to buy the Turks, and whether to approach us. Their price. We ourselves have to find out on the spot, and they only deprive them of full assistance in negotiations and, as a result, in deliveries, which will be necessary. ІPavel F. thoughtfully said: "Of course, without a trip, correspondence, you won’t achieve anything: you won’t get water under a lying stone. If you hadn’t gone to Irkutsk, it wouldn’t have happened either. In my opinion, Vyatka breeders are in vain Yes, however, they don’t have any shoe factories, and if the Turks decide to buy them, they’ll need them to be sewn with boots. Of course, if you have to wear AP Debt, you shouldn’t forbid the road, otherwise it would be better to get one and pick up the entire amount. " I.N. Khudozhilovѣ said: "They can have better army than pol milli. If you manage to get a supply, you can stop both of them. Go, go and take everything that God willing to give, you can also instruct me to accept through the Russian Quartermaster." Pavel f. said: “It would be very good, but I personally won’t go anymore. I don’t have Russian. I can’t leave conversations as commander, but Petr Alexandrovich knows how to speak, and he already negotiated with the bank’s directors. let them and_______1227_______continues, I do not interfere, to all agree. If you find it possible, come and go tomorrow. "I explained that you wouldn’t have to go through a month before, because the bank directors are only a month away from me and I had to write to him how to go: we go or not, and they we must reject and indicate the exact number when, on which ship he wants to leave Odessa. Then we will take off and go on one ship. Pavel 5. said: “This is very good. So write soon that we agree and we need to order samples to be made. "I again. Repeated that there’s nowhere to hurry, taking the time to reserve her whole fake, but, in any case, today we will make samples and we will produce samples. we had kept Dolgushilmi and having written off to St. Petersburg with the Russian-Russian Bank com, all this was kept secret and, about a month later, we from Dolgushin pulled out through Elo Square, Kiev to Odessa Suh A.P. Dolgushin alone with Airollinariya Alekseevna: she wanted to take a ride on the sea and look . Abroad She took her son Boris 10 lѣt; they just passed exams and postupil vѣ to prepass. Vyat - Skago real school. In Odessa, we had to get KE the indicated number, and we had time to reserve, two or three days. We are on the way to stay in Kiev for a day or half an day to see the sights of Kiev. All morning ME - BE IS from Moscow, we learned that it is good to go to Odessa in the evening. Checked in all the luggage. to the stationѣ to the church of Neniv, they took the paired driver of the carriage, four-seater local landau and drove from the station first to the St. Sophia Cathedral, we admired the painting! 0 the famous artist Vasnetsov and the whole device.EpEBUT3one_______1228_______ of the cathedral, they prayed in the cathedral for the liturgy and went to Iresch tick. We went to a restaurant, then, about three hours, we went to the Kiev-Pechersk Lavra. They didn’t find the services there, they went to churches and pagers, and by the evening they returned to the station. In Odessa we had to live two nights in a guest room waiting for the steamer to leave for Constantinople. We visited the Odessa branch of the Russian-foreign bank, we learned that the director of Constantinople will arrive tomorrow — order a telegraph roval for him on the steamboat cabin. On the 14th, we went to the steamboat office to come to the ship, ordered two yutes for the steamer — a three-seater, and A.L. Dolguulin for a one-seater. The ancestors forged their passports. From the shipping company’s office, they gave us a rumor that we could get visas and everything we needed,As it was, Odessa was 15. this year was a big exhibition. We visited several times to see the exhibition, sometimes had lunch there, and also had lunch and breakfast, and sometimes had a swim in the sea, near the coast. They filed at one time the huge lobster / marine cancer. Apollinarіya Alekseevna asked that she carefully cut this onar out, take it out of it, serve the sauce, and so that the entire lobster peel, paws and claws would not break off, but it would wrap in. a box and a piece of paper: this skeleton of a lobster is a son. Bory then take away with him VE Vyatka and donated to a real school, donated to natural science teacher Boris Nikanorovich Rukavishnikov.On the day of departure, we met with the director. bank. All were placed in the first class, but in different cabins. and the path was called "Nicholas II." When we rode on the river steamboatsѣ along the Volgaѣ we crashed on the steamerѣ at our own expense_______1229_______ordering anything you want on the card, and sit down wherever you want On the steamboat full maintenance the passages are paid for the full role until the destination, at the cost of 11 round-trip tickets, i.e. the cost of maintenance when read through the fare. A place at the table distributes meter-d? (etel on cards. V. The center of the table is considered honorable and the captain of the steamship takes the chair. You didn’t know these orders, but when you saw that the tables were served and some business cards were laid, Ayan was chosen not to be at the central table, and at the window, we put our cards and left on the deck. When the bell rang, when you had breakfast, 2, having arrived at your meal, see that ours! And the cards were transferred to another, separate so for four. ”We asked the footman, who transferred our cards to it - we chose m I’ve been polite that the place is distributed between the meter and the hotel, but I can’t sit at the large table and the hotel: first, and then the hotel has arranged for the company to serve the dinner from the meter. We took our places without any objections. Apparently, little countesses were placed on all tables, including red and white wine and glasses. Although we didn’t order, they said 11, it seems that every kobud should. Snacks were delivered here - sprats, sardines and so on, I can’t see the vodka, i {s- asked the footman if it was possible to replace the wine with vodka - one little hailstead together delivered two. Lakeії said that wine cannot be replaced - it relies on everyone, who wants to drink, and who does not want to leave mine. And if we are a keleeh of vodka, then we can order it to be served from the buffet on the account for an additional fee. We ordered to file ma_______1230_______ lazy countess, shot glasses of 2. A footman was the countess countess, from whom 4 shots came out. We, in the Russian habit, drink or drink before the carafe is left. On other tables of vodka. nobody demanded or drank. The directors of the Russian Bank sat at the central table with the captain. It is noteworthy that he didn’t really like our first breakfast with vodka - they did a quick look, but said nothing. But we, on the other hand, haven’t drank free wine all over again, have your Russian taste. After lunch, they suggested that the coffee be served in the salon on the decks%,and if you wish, you can serve here, in the dining room. We, like everyone else, chose to go to the deck. There, in Daku, in the little chapties, a Turkish coffee. We say to each other: “Something stingy is given to give a coffee, a cup is already very small.” Having tried 10 sip, you came to admire. Then only they learned the taste of Turkish coffee brewed with sugar. You a cup, talkWe learn that it’s good, but not enough - whether you can ask for a cup of tea. But Apollinariya Alekseyevna began to insist that no one would go to the second, “You will demand the second, keep it in mind, maybe it’s considered indecent.” And then - it’s very short, it will have a harmful effect on the heart. * For the evening party, we did, though at the same time from the long table, but we didn’t already need vodka, but we drank and ate everything we had to drink and give something else. Our steamer was on the Black Sea. We spent a day. We didn’t see the coast. The next day, coming up to the Bosphorus, m : saw the palm forest on the shore. The whole audience went on deck to admire, like let's go but I’m going to meet the steamer to go a boat from Flazh village, since the steamer stopped sazhenyah at about 20 coasts, about_______1231_______ the mouth of the Bosphorus. When the boat approached the steamboat, a Turkish official took up it and passed. I handed the kanigun and handed it to him, and with them officials on the boat of the Irіkhal from the Russian-foreign bank also handed it to the director of the bank. Minute through 10 it was all announced that the order was received from the Turkish government: do not let the ship go into the Bosphorus, you must be quarantined for five days, because in Turkey you learned from the newspaper that somewhere you were in Russia, there was a plague if passengers didn’t bring plague to Khonstantinople. There is nothing to do - you have to sit and wait. When he saw the director of the bank, they learned from him that the bank was in Constantinople, having learned that the ship was to be built for five days in quarantine, he sent the director urgent correspondence and newspapers, from which he confirmed that, indeed, there had been more than a few Russia. plague diseases, but even then it is doubtful - there was a brief note in the newspapers. But nothing is false. The government ordered no one can object .. We spent five days here. The audience alternately went ashore on a boat, bathed in water, and for the third-class public, a free and necessarily hot bath was offered on the beach. Everyone from the 3rd class was taken to this bath one by one, but the list, to the first-class and second-class public, was taken to the steamer daily with hot baths from fresh water and cold baths and showers from sea water. They also watched and warned that everyone should take baths without fail. Finally, on the fifth day in the morning, Turkish officials and doctors arrived from Constantinople. They sat down on the bast, and the audience I was asked to go all the way to one end of the ship, and then slowly passed by the doctor and officials in pairsx 1 tі_______1232_______go to the other end of the ship. The doctor looked all in the face and eyes, but no one dubious was indicated, everyone was passing by them cheerful and communicating over them - to look. About first time, it’s first, second, and finally third classes, the doctors carefully examined the staff of the house. Finally, they announced that everything was safe and that the steamship now entered the Bosphorus. We stayed with another public on deckѣ. When they entered the forest, a wonderful panorama of ma began: along both the embankments and the embankments, luxurious palaces and villas in the azat - skom style, palm and cedar howled gardens. We stood in the bow of the ship and admired on both sides. Unbearable, but it was to tear off his gaze. “1 closer we came to the city itself, while the buildings were solid and elegant. Finally, from a distance we saw the grandiose former cathedral of Tsar'grad of St. Sophia, on which, along with the cross, there is a huge gilded Mohammedan sky half-moon. When we approached the wharf, it turned out that the bank directors had come to meet the wife and the bank's artisan and the Russian translator, specially designed for us; We were recommended and passed on to us. In order for him to arrange for us to have baggage at customs, with passports, the whole hotel would be in our hotel - the best is Tokatli An on Nera Street, and all the time it would be at our disposal. Luggage. and the translator arranged everything quickly with passports, they didn’t even open a single suitcase with us. We liked it, we smiled and said that the devil wasn’t as frightened as he was painted, everyone was afraid that customs were very strict about luggage, and they didn’t even inspect anything about how much honor we had, we decided that Russian is in good standing, k._______1234_______ the maid is knocking in the room. I went in and said, "Kavas puruu." You askѣ: "Which kvass, we don’t need kvass." She repeats againѣ: "I am tearing apart consul." I finally realized that someone had come from the Russian consulate. Dahnul her hand so that she would bring him to us. She introduced a tall man into the Circassian formѣ. Tot explain to us in bad Russian русском that he is Kavas, i.e. translator, serving with the Russian mission. Upon learning that they had arrived, he came to offer his services. We rejected that we already have a translator, thanked him, but refused his service. After half an hour we rush or stoke a seagull. Tea and sugar were taken away. An electric bell rang a footman, forcing them to serve tea devices and boiling water. He doesn’t understand us, we don’t understand him. Duchey Gone, sent another; and they didn’t agree with this. Send a maid. She said a lot of things to us - "Lesh" and other words, finally said "warm water". Rejoiced, confirmed: "Yes, warm water, but hotter." "She told us to bring slightly tepid water into the teapot, from which tea would not be brewed, and did not bring tea devices. Come to our room. Alexander Petr. Dolgunin. We tell him once:“ They had finished drinking the tea, but couldn’t finish anything Xia. " He said: “And I want tea, but we’re hardly fighting. We’ll go to the coffee house, maybe we can find some tea, today I’ll have some coffee today, and tomorrow we’ll order it by transferring the tea to 4 o’clock, so that we can serve tea daily. " So on this day, we left without a trace of fear. The church “was marched with the help of a cabman. We stood all night, returned to the hotel, went to the same hotel restaurant to have dinner._______1235_______In going to the hall - the dining room; a lot of people, almost all the tables are occupied. Approach us meter? hotel. We have shown that we need a table. They found a free table, sat us, and gave us a card in French француз. We looked - we can’t read. We say to him: * Sitting at your place, we saw a footman, speaking Russian in Russian, could we put him for us "He understands with his shoulders:" Do not compromise pa. "I clicked his palm on his forehead, quickly saying on the go:" Ponele, understand, "and I hid another room ѣ a buffet”. We think that he understood, now bring the army of Nina, speaking Russian. But at that time we ourselves sawthe lackey of the Armenian, they called him to his table and grew up to serve us and ordered him a favor. Armen inlakey opel pass the order to the bartender, and at that time again. running up to our table met d? the hotels are in the hands of a pikalik with the red head of Russian vodka. Ciayuschіy, pleased shows us and says: "ІПонене, I am rushing vodka." We laughed, we say: “Well, pony me, okay, come on here, put on the mat. We took the cabinet from his hand, put it on the table, we ourselves laugh, we can’t resist. He was embarrassed, he wants to take the vodka back, we told him we show facial expressions - leave, we all laugh rather loudly, we can’t fight. From the next table we look at us, then, after five people saw us, we’re sitting our acquaintance, the bank director. And he saw us, come up to us! and asks: "What happened to you, all return or attention to you. “We told him that we asked to give us a footman, speaking the Russian language, and he said: Ponemé, Ponemé, and fucking up the vodka scale. * The director also laughed,four_______1236_______explained to this meter d hotel. At this time, the footman of the army brought us a serving. The director of the bank went to his desk, told his company, and at the next table everyone was laughing no less than ours. So it is with us. the first day the law was fun. And in the morning, through the same Armenian lackey, we ordered the barman to be served in the morning tea, but the tea pots and boiling water for tea were the hottest. This time everything turned out to be understood correctly, and in the morning, at the indicated time, everything was neatly executed.The next day, for the feast, we went to the hospital’s Orthodox Church for the liturgy, and after breakfast with a translation we went to inspect the mosque - formerly, the enormous right of the glorious St. Sophia Cathedral. At the entrance to this cathedral, our attention was drawn to the fact that after the new iron doors, you should wipe the old oak doors open, you should open the hinges, and the corners of the doors - the doors have already entered, and therefore the doors do not close and in no case can they be shut off without repair. But according to Turkish tradition, explain that no repairs can be made, because the Turks have a legend, as if some saint had predicted that the Turks would own Tsargrad to their port, while they would be safe and safe to use the best mosque / those. the former Cathedral of St. Sophia and /. If only they destroy or substantially change this shrine, then God will be banished to the Turks, the Orthodox will come and drive them out of Constantinople, and on St. Sophia again litters the Orthodox cross instead of the Mohammedan crescent. In connection with this legend, we were once told the second legend. Whentarg_______1237_______During the war, the glorious Turks took Constantinople, then a few hundred people of 11 Orthodox entered the choirs and locked themselves in a large stone pantry. The winners of the Turks suggested that they give up and leave, but the lost categorically refused. Then, the main boss of the winners was ordered to block the entrance with a cement wall and no one had looked there since then. According to the same legend, if you look at this muddied wall, then dominion over Tsargradov and the Turks will end: 0. Upon entering the mosque, it was all our intention to take off our boots and put on those russky soft shoes or put on those of our sagos, Without their shoes no one was allowed to step on the floor of their mosque. tati all obeyed, put on top of their Emblet to their sandals. When we entered the former Cathedral of St. Sophia, we were struck by the grandeur, the vastness of the building and the beauty of the device. We were surprised that thousands of famous architects were already then before our days. To tears, it was a pity and a shame that such an Orthodox shrine turned into a Mohammedan mosque and is in the hands of the Turks. Throughout the mosque, hundreds of small chandeliers of black color, or cast-iron, or dark bronze were hung up once. In the mosque, the audience is led by their mullah and once - different legends and descriptions of the mosque tell, and our translator translates usѣ. Someone else was shown on columnsѣ, fathoms and tori from the floor, as if a fingerprint with fingers. This explains to him that when the Turks took the winners of Constantinople, then the governor, the commander of the Turkish fought Orthodox on horseback. They were of enormous growth, a hero and of enormous strength, they demanded that they bring to him the restless Orthodox in the choirҳѣ, but when he should see5; or, that they refused to go out, then the commander, getting excited, hit his palm onone.-_______1238_______columns, saying: "Let them remain there forever, as long as this building exists." He ordered that you go out to quarrel with the polecat, Striking the stone column was so strong that under the palm of your hand the stone pressed in and left to follow the palms and the forearm fell. How much all this is false, and whether there is any kind of material evidence of this, have not been explained to us. Zatѣm vu kuIIol and partly in order to pass through the paintwork of the faces of the old images of the Orthodox saints ’icons, but they periodically paint the Turks with solid dark green paint. Then we examined several more mosques, which, after Sophia, did not completely stop at our attention.On one of the following days, the translator was lucky to show us the prayer house of the dervishes. Here we were again surprised and it was time for the wife to be self-sacrificing and fanaticism, the religiousness of the Turks der Viche. When we saw a prayer house or a dervishes mosque, we saw a huge room covered with carpets. Sitting on the floor for a long shawl - a hoodie, in headdresses, the Turks of the old mullahs, and around them and throughout the large area, while the same large white shrouds, there are a dozen little circles around the head, circling as many with arms outstretched to the side, with one palm facing up, as if for giving, and the other down, with the floor, and the same for all. Everyone is open and his eyes are fixed on the ceiling. Among the vertigents of the Yashischi, there are old people; stand up on the floor and sitting mullahs and join the vertically alternating but, but most of all among the revolving, as it seemed to us young, - 20 to 40 years old, and among the last, i.e. young dey, as if there is competition - sport: who sharet_______1239_______will be checked. Old people for 5-10 minutes. they will turn around and sit down again, read prayers to themselves, and vert whisper something to whisper for some half an hour, three quarters of an hour and an hour or more or less, if you eat them with your knees, hit your face and fall, but they don’t take your hands away from their established position , Do not wipe sweat, but continue. to spin. We sat among the audience on a bench by the side, our heads turned to look at their spins, and they all turn and turn, but without any system: alone, tired, or sit on the floor, but lift yourself, or leave. Having a rest, having a little rest, get up again and turn around, and many come back in and join the revolving ones. As if there are cases that sometimes turn around before losing consciousness, i.e. before that, unconsciousness dies and faints. To take him out to the courtyard, to the air, to bring him the feeling that he would either go to the prayer again, continue to pray, or take him home. When we fainted, not a single one fell, but 2-3 young men, for 22-25 years, turned for more than an hour. We all looked at them and expected what would end, but we didn’t have enough patience, and not waiting for the end, we left. In the evening, we drove a translator into a public garden. In the middle of the garden was a wooden theaterѣ and since that time there was a Russian singer Orlova, gave a concert, sang in Russian and in French. We zealously applauded her, especially when she sang in Russian. The people were almost full, but the music and song was generally lower than average, but apparently the Turks liked to applaud strongly. In the garden there was an open paid skating.-ringѣ. Our translator failed us all there and advised to rent skates for roller skates for the boy.andR_______1240_______ Borya. from. Pleasure took, and ride. The next day we again came into the garden. Borya asked to skate again. I gave him money. and let him go to the skating ring. one, they themselves remained in a buffet in front of an open stage to drink a Turkish coffee. But after 10-15 minutes we went to see how ours is. Borya is riding. Come m. To the door of the skating ring, vi dim - inside our boy we should stand near the ticket office and cry. Through the translator we learned that he was let into the inner courtyard of the skating ring and took only admission and did not allow skates, there was nothing for him to ride. Explain not to be able to. We paid for the rent of skates, put it on his feet. He immediately stopped crying, went for a drive and chuckled. A.P. Dolgushin. they began to scoff at him and scoff that such a big boy arrived abroad and cried.On weekdays, we, at the expense of the Russian consulate, finally achieved admission to the military, apparently from our Quartermaster. He took us some kind of ours, i.e. the Turkish general, who examined us and the samples, praised and admired him, asked him to leave the report to the higher authorities, suggested he come back again after a few days. We went in a second time, then the third, the fourth time — we didn’t say anything definite — either the council had not yet taken place, or the Minister of War was taking part. So we couldn’t understand whether they first wanted to receive gifts that seemed to be practiced, or simply they are already bound by Austrian contracts and suppliers. We left samples upon application, asked us to send them through the Russian consulate. Between the guests, in the evenings, we visited the Russian secretary of consulates 2-3 times in the eveningoneK.:+_______1241_______state. He would marry a Russian, and his wife accompanied Apollina to Rіyu Alekseevna s. Borey shopping in Constantinople, while I'm with. Dolgunin and the translator served in the Turkish Quartermaster. Sometimes we also went shopping with ladies, buy or various Turkish lace, napkins, Turkish fesci, and various unnecessary things for gifts in memory of the stay of Constantinople. At the request of Jacob Nick. Khudozhilova, I bought a present for him, he has various obscene photographic cards ”, which, it turns out, Constantinople is famous for and abounds, bought and A.P. Dolgushinѣ. Then, on the other hand, artificial clean work, a large amethyst of rubles for 75 and orderthe same amethyst-gold ring. I was surprised - why did he ask: "What, it’s impossible to buy such things from us in St. Petersburg." A.I. Dolgushin turned away, which was very cleanly done, to marry the real one, but a real size of this size costs more than a thousand rubles. "I’ll say that in Turkey I bought for 800 rubles and everybody believed it. * I said that I wouldn’t buy it if I don’t understand it. If I buy, I would prefer a diamond, or pressa little bit.We lived in Constantinople for a week, without achieving any result, but we examined the entire city, and made a bad impression on us. The houses are more and more wooden, with ties of 2-4 fenders and 4–5 floors, so much of the house is to stand out from one apartment, 1 or 2 rooms in each floor. Steep wooden stairs inside, you climb up like a hut. B. A similar apartment, we visited the secretary of the consulate. The best street is Pera, where the Tokatlian hotel is located where we stayed for a week. This street------ ---fourteen.-_______1242_______wider than others, but even then, already in European cities. Nevertheless, there are many stone and big houses on this street, and most of the streets are so narrow and crooked that it would be difficult to spread out on two carriages that came in contact. They all said that there was a fire, so the whole city would immediately burn like fire . Indeed, one evening, if you hear the noise in the streets, you should hear the sound of horns, sirens. We went out of the hotel to the street, we looked — along the street, run around, all the way and several people pull on a stick, 4 people on each shoulder, a little fire truck, drag another, stick on a stick, barrel with water or buckets, hooks and more. So hundreds of people flashed, all with a fireman and tools. Later they explained to us that this was a fire squad and they always kept on dragging everything to the place with 110 heat and immediately filled the cook. Horses are not suitable for firefighting, and even with such narrow streets, streets would be blocked more often - neither pass nor pass.Once upon a time: They advised me to take a small passenger boat along the Bosphorus, still enjoy the buildings, get to the Russian embassy's dacha, take a walk there in the garden. We have gone. It turned out - a huge name of the Russian embassy; out of townѣ. A good stone European to the huge park and garden. We went for a walk, inspect the garden. Namkh came upon the nanny of the envoy - walking in the garden with someone's child, and the child has a huge cedar cone with orks in his hand. We asked: “What is it that large orphaned cedar trees are growing in the garden. * She took a letter from a child, give it to us, explaining that there are a lot of such trees, a lot oft:g;.one_______1243_______Orѣҳov fights, but only now it’s too early, they have not ripened, and this is last year’s. "If you want, take it, take it to Russia, as a keepsake." We thanked and said that I would be happy to take them away and give them to the school museum, but would the child not cry. She denied that there was still much for him at home.go. .-On Friday, our translator was lucky to drive to the Sultan’s palace, like a ceremonial sultan ѣ to take your palace mosque from the palace to pray. It turned out to be very interesting, and worth a look. All 110, they went with an interpreter an hour before the departure of the Sultan. The translator entered the courtyard. to the very entrance to the mosque. Throughout the path from the palace to the mosque, various parts of the Turkish are approached and installed. troops in elegant dress mundi rakh, with orders and oru diyakh, with musicians. There were many private people who were inexperienced, more Europeans, although there were also a few Turks. The neatly appointed cassultan Abdul Hamid appeared to be walking in a luxurious gilded landau drawn by six horses, solid large trotters, gray apples, a shiny harness and standing tassels on the head of the strasses. The Sultan to sit alone in a carriage embroidered with an undir with orders, bows to the right and to the left, and behind him stand two pages and sit alone on the goats next to the coachman, all discharged. Near the carriage, near the door and near each horse, walk side-by-side in uniforms with orders and with a headquarters in a triangular hat with feathers, man. 8 or 10 - generals or ministers. Horses walk stepsѣ, but to shyly beat, restrained by the coachman, and ministers, generalsonex_______1244_______ walk in large steps and even trot, holding one hand on a carriage or horses. But since moving the Ot of the palace to the mosque is close, no one fell behind and fell. During the passage of the Sultan, all the troops took guard, and the music played. The picture was remarkably beautiful. Having approached the palace, the ministers, holding the Sultan in their arms, led to the mosque. Shi niyt entered the mosque alone, apparently, the prime minister, the restthe others stood at the stairs of the mosque, standing in the front. Din through E 10 Sultan went back and oII Yat with the same ceremony left in the palace. But some of the retinue separated, walked along the promenade to a luxurious motor boat, decorated with flags, seated this boat and left along the Bosphorus, in the wild BE another palace, or the ministry.Finally, on the appointed day of the departure of the ship from Constantin Rinopol, we left for Odessa. Kutіlennyya BE Constantinople. We advised us to lay out various trifles, napkins, lace and other things in a suitcase, in pockets of suits, or sew in sleeves, and present something for payment to customs. We did so. When we arrived in Odessa, we were asked in Russian: “What do you have for paying the duty.” We showed Turkish fez, pieces. ten, bought by us for gifts, all the other yam. For nothing with us, it was considered very little. I did not stop there - they started with us. to inspect in suitcasesѣ. Seeing the new Turkish publication in my pocket, I began to feel and twist the sleeves and sort through everything to the bottom, you shook everything that was hidden, weighed and counted us. one hundred or 120 rubles., and with ѣ A.P. Dolgushina 80 rubles. We were not happy with our purchases - poplin was much more expensiveone.Cl...g._______1245_______ the cost of purchased items, and most importantly - we were very embarrassed that we look at us, like smugglers. The good thing is that in Odessa no one knew us or no one met at the pier of acquaintances ..Come our way to Odessa before the evening, and train. to St. Petersburg and Moscow depart morning; On our way back we had to spend the night in Odessa, for that one, where we were already on the front road, we lived for two days. In the morning we entered St. Petersburg, and from St. Petersburg, a day later, we headed home. They gave a telegram from ѣ [[St. Petersburg, so that by the time our train arrives in Vyatka, they would send us horses to the station.When we went to Vyatka, it turned out that A.P. The wife and the blue meet the bus to the station, and our receiver, lieutenant colonel, meets us. Yakov Nikolaevich we’ve got a new little kitel, with the lieutenant colonel, we: he was brought in by the lieutenant colonels by Easter, he was happy to garden, buy some gorgeous bouquets of roses and, meeting, raise Apollinaris Alekseevna, congratulating him. nas s prosperous prіzdom - and we congratulated him on this production ”. But when they returned to the village, everyone was disappointed with the futile trip, i.e. did not receive orders from the Turkish army. Pavel F. regretted this most of all. They once said that soon after my departure, Dmitry Ilyich and Stepan Vas came to him. Shvetsov, claimed a claim - why Peter. Al ѣkhal vѣ Turkey ѣ A.II. Dolgushinsѣ, but didn’t offer our brothers, "we would have gone too, all would have been enough; that you have traded Debt of weein on us." PavelThttІPz_______1246_______Fed. steel discouraged by unknowing - where did they go and eat kѣm. They told him: “Everything is known to us through D.I. Filippov, and we also know that they left together with the director. The Russian bank, Konstantinopolskoe branch, from Odessa and left on the same ship. Yes, this director and offered us. в ІПетербургѣ. " Then Pavel F. Skazal: “If you were offering Vam, so you didn’t go. You can go now.” Dmitriy Ilyich said: “Yes, we’re together thenor that no one will go, and A.P. Dolgushin was then us, he was not going to go either. True, then Pyotr Aleksandrovich was not with us, he used to see the director of the bank and we did not know how they agreed, but they told us that Peter Al was definitely not far away, it was a pity to ward him out of the house, and only later found out what they together with. They owe a debt to others. * When we returned from Constantinople without. result, Ilyich were satisfied. Seeing from. Dmitriyem. Ilyichem, I congratulated him: “You were upset in vain that we didn’t invite you to eat with you - now you won ѣ, we spent a thousand rubles each, and you can congratulate Vasya that you have a thousand rubles left in your pocket." Dmitriy Ilyich opened til: * No, I would rather spend a thousand rubles on an inconclusive trip, so I could sit and Romit and scold ourselves that we in Petersburg did not speak frankly about you on this subject, but if I had no reason to, I refused. the matter came out, so it would be a hundred thousand rubles be annually.It all ended in nothing._______1247_______Until 1907, my work was in firms ѣ Trading House. F.T. Vakhrushevand sons, "together with Pavel F. went together. Whatever initiative I took, whatever I proposed, he agreed with me in everything and did not hinder anything, but on the contrary, he tried to develop and expand the idea that I had conceived But he again had his passion — he liked to build, increase backwater, and all so that it was solid and beautiful in his appearance. Having organized a shoe factory, he did not like that the glue factory was blocking the factory. I gave him the idea that I could buy from the peasant of the village of Trofimovskoy / near Vakhru shay / you half the wasteland we ate it and put it there, away from the ground, a glazed backwater, and to get the skin to dry didn’t dry much, I dried it at the borders of our factory yard from the Zharen village, between the office and the factory, the end of the road. He liked this idea. sent Ilya Alexeyevich Vakhrushev to find out if anyone would like to sell the empty road near the Mochovitsa river, near the gate, along the Volkov road. Pavel F: immediately bought two or three lanes next to 10 kop. per square fathom; making 11 payback, immediately took the carpentersѣ 05. S.F. Likhova, the beginning to transfer the glutinous backwater and, at the same time, it was dry dried in the tannery-factory yard for freezing - vania skin. All factory premises, a site of glued water 30 and the land bought from the Rusanovs began to be fenced with a high fence and painted all the 8 patterns with the same brown color. A separate locomotive was delivered to the glue factory and rinsing drums were delivered for washing the glue chips. For drying the washed shavings, they closely arranged shelves onth. _______1248_______Arnin ot land, so as not to dry on the roof. All this caused a rather large cost, but everything was for the good of the business. futureѣ. Of course, it would be possible to make a percentage of 25-30 more economical, but I was fascinated by Ilavl F., so that everything would be beautiful, harmonious, in a straight line and clear to the eye in appearance - not hinder and see, that many people like it too. But he, being carried away by this, completely wounded from the command of the Quartermaster and from Peter the Great, especially the last. when his Chief Quartermaster Fireplace dragged by the sleeve from the front and put in the back rows. Since then, it has ceased to show definitively in Quartermaster’s, in all it has begun to rely on me.Fascinated by the buildings, Pavel F. expressed the idea that when all Rusanovtsy transfer to the road, we are on their landquietly he built the Second Tanner’s backwater, not in one year, but in 3-4 years, as well as our grandfather Timofey Anfimovich, while he was living, having four sons, he tried to build a house for every house and house so that everything worked together . And after the death of my father, I’d think about lasting so that every time there was already a ready backwater and a house, and not so that one sea would immediately work, and the other still had to be built. “My brother and I are also. Alexander, having one son each, we are working together together while we die - will there be agreement between our sons. Only God knows. If you agree, then you can work together at two plants, and if there is no agreement, then it can and last: everybody already has a backwater and I’m basically not to completely divide this look - to be built only for what suddenly comes through. 15-20 years will have to last3T. T. 1551TTTT+17THOSE_______1249_______and so that way, in the village, there would be identical plants. If this is required and there is money, then you can build it right away in one year, or maybe one of those who need to work is Taty selfie, he willingly take money for his half of the real estate and buy a tannery backwater in Vyatka. or Slobodsky even cheaper, indicating that Ignatii Dmi trіevich Laptev kunil Poskrebyshevskiy backwaters for a priceless price. But Pavel f. more than once I extended my eyes to this one, but one thing was firmly convinced that grandfather Timofei Anfimovich did so in a straightforward manner, God bless him for this happiness and was lucky for all his sons. Also our dad, grandfather Tim. always said: "Have fun, don’t last, but prepare everything in advance for the little factory and the house, when it is already impossible to work together, then it will be easy for you to be separate and each one will stay at his own house and at the factory."Weighing. for and against, I came to the conclusion that it’s difficult to convince Pavel F. or knock down his beloved weak string, not to let him build, but at the same time with us. when there was no room for workers, and the rules of the factory inspection already required all breeders to comply with the corresponding bedrooms. I agreed to build a second factory on Rusnova odvoritsy, but so far there is only one building along the small river, which will be ash and clean up later, and for now, in the second floor, I will have rooms for workers. Pavel F. willingly agreed to this. Immediately I am building up this story was built up, which I have already described above in the previous section.For the next year, he bought rubble stone and brickIch, but did not insist on building, agreed to postpone it for another year.і_______1250_______In the year 1-908, I declared that my family had increased so much that we needed to get to our apartment, and I consider it necessary to make an extension to this house, at least the lower floor, three or four rooms. Pavel. began to kindly ask me to shake off for another year or two, while we were building a second backwater and there, on Rusanovskaya Odvoritsѣ, we would build the same house and then we’ll throw a lot - to whom the backwater would reach the house, then take it and rebuild as it should, "but if you’re attaching now and you’ll get a lot of reports, I don’t need any construction at all, it’ll be all wrong and uneven. " I enu steel to prove; "you have one son, and I already have six. You don’t need another apartment for 15-20 years more than what you have in this house at the top, but many are already fine. And after 5-6 years, time will come , sons to marry, there’s absolutely nowhere to go. The second backwater to build, which we may need to be in 20 years, and this is still a question. - whether it will be necessary - but because of this, now I’ll deny myself. "I’ll definitely let it go to the house during the construction today. And we’ll build the second backwater while we can keep it alive for another five." Pavel F. did not like it, got angry. The relations of this moment have become aggravated. First, I will buy a brick and a stone and bring it to the courtyard house, S. Semyon. Fed. Mikheev developed a draft plan. Order with Demyanka, mason Dmitriy Nikolaevich Kolotov, he drove the workers, began to dig ditches and toss up the walls, Pavel Fed. Walk up to the Kolotov and say: "Dmitriy Nikolaevich, I ask Vasya not to do this, I am against the Istroy." Ph.D. Kolotov turns to him and says: "Pavel F., I’m a working man,_______1251_______I am looking for earnings, who pay a lot of money, I also listen to that. I was called by Petr Al., Indicating what to do. I hired workers to bring them here. If Peter Al. if he says, stop and pay all my expenses, then I will stop, and as long as he doesn’t say anything, I don’t have the right to listen to anyone. I know that you are both equally rightful owners, so you’ll already agree among yourself and tell us, workers, give monotonous orders, and I’m not used to listening to conflicting orders. ”Pavel F. went away. He told me, in vain, Peter Al. you get troublesome, you do it contrary. God be with you, give me whatever you want, I’m leaving for Moscow today. "I began to prove to him that:" You are against my desire to build a hundred thousandth second plant, it’s completely unnecessary, a thought that your son will need after 20 years if he will have sons and if you want to live in the village. But that’s still cryptic, and we’ll sweep a hundred rubles for construction, but we don’t have enough money for this backwater. But I am at peace with your whim, do not hinder you - I’m tempering you; And you because of the extension to the house at 5,000 p. you consider yourself offended, you accuse me of unfairness. On the contrary, it is selfishness on your part. and injustice. When you lived in Moscow, you lived in apartments of three rooms, your family has grown, you’re planning to marry, change your name, take an apartment for 6 rooms, I haven’t said a word. Also, for me, the time has come, the family has grown, because, as you can see, both the managing bank and the provincial government have grown. You are well aware that this lasts a lot forBUT_______1252_______it’s good for the common cause, but I have such a rich apartment that there is no decent dining room, there are no good people to accept. ”Pavel Fed. waved his hand, said:“ you can’t conspire. ”He pushed his head and left. The next day, he left for Moscow. After his departure, we moved out of our apartment into a wooden house and ordered us to break out the bulkheads, the intentional break, to move the staircase upstairs, to move the staircase to the basement and to the new annex. There is a real parquet on both floors. The stoves in the whole house were abandoned, the central heating was installed, and the boiler, which was supplied for central heating, arranged an open, enormous terrace, and the terrace at the upper floor was glazed. on the average floor, we added 4 new rooms, and the dining room expanded in length, one of the 2 rooms was made, so there was a dining room, which accommodated 30 people freely. The upper part was left without any changes, only the former open terrace was now glazed with sash frames, and the front staircase wasshy turning, now it became a straight line, and in austo of a wooden staircase, they made cement marble on rails. Kѣ. In the fall, we moved all over to the rebuilt house., c. middle floor .. The business of the company went on as usual, but due to the non-payment of Tiflis Adelkhanam, we had a big financial difficulty, the bankand they began to lend themselves very carefully. I described above that thanks to the support of the governing State Bank Al. Willow Svetovidova, with great difficulty. this year we have withstood financial crisis ѣ and not bankrupt_______1253_______fell. But the Siberian Bank said that it couldn’t strengthen the bill loan, and that the existing debt would be retrained to be repaid 10%, but offered a commodity loan so that we could give the bank out of the box for goods, whole leather or cut it out. at the factoryѣ, behind the castle and bank seals. For this product, the bank gives us a loan of 60%, but under the condition that all the goods and real estate would be insured and the bank would have an artisan living with us, the payer would have to pay the bank, but they would have to pay for our bill, to agree, at what all this was done jointly with Pavel.Ed., when he was still at home, and his son Aleksy II was in a “desecration. Commodity in the bar, the bank began to accumulate in us, but some, like , private transfers, sub-contract, beetroot, split, we need to send to Moscow for sale, but not the loan was taken, it must be repaid first, otherwise the banks won’t be issued. I turned to the manager of the Siberian Bank, A. M. Olennikov, for advice. He said * Send together with our “lender” a bearer duplicate to the bearer of Riga and a duplicate Imagine a bank with the fact, I will calculate the loan listed on this and forward the duplicate with the invoice to the Moscow branch - a branch of the Siberian Bank. There Pavel F. Repay this loan and take it for sale to the warehouse or can sell it from the station railway door gi, and the buyer, to repay the loan, to take away sebѣ goods and balances to pay Vam "I see -. nѣt choice and agreed. They sent the goods about such a break, sent a copy of the fact directly [to Pavel F., having informed that the loan was not repaid for this product, suchT.._______1254_______ then the amount, and to go to meet us, the bank agreed to transfer this loan to the Moscow branch of the Siberian Bank. From the revision, an observation was made by the Siberian Bank - the artel of the box, and duplicates of the railway were also received from the railway and transferred to the bank. Having received. such is the dismissal of the factory, Pavel F. with his son. Alex Pavel. We decided that Peter Al. had deliberately arranged this, sent us goods with cash on delivery, and began to not trust us. “There is nothing for us to do, to live at home at the factory, let him go to Moscow, to sell, and we will send him cash on delivery, let him try, bargain.” They collected all their property, they sent them to Vyatka, rented the apartment, but they still left the pantry for Kokorevk, for the office they took the room in Kokorevk in the front building, at the very top, overlooking the Kremlin. Left trusted. Ivan Dmitrievich Dorogov, and 2-handedly, Alexander Vasilyevich Balabaev and his wife sent him to the backwater. They went home, put their house on the upper floor and their apartment. They even liked it: make a new, parquet, glazed terrace and central captivity. Pavel Fed expressed to Poludnitsyn and others that ple myannik not only took care of his conveniences, but also for them what a good, comfortable terrace he sent away. But he was angry with me and us to the middle floor. don’t go in and we don’t go to them whether they hung out every day at a factory or office and once said odd money, as if there were no misunderstandings between us, it was time to open a Nizhny Novgorod fair. Pavel F. learned that wool and other goods were sent on behalf of no bank loan and shipping receipts with the fact_______1255_______ramie in the bankѣ. He said: “We don’t go to the fair today, we’ll bargain; now you ride, bargain, I’ve gone with sorrow through Kent Petersburg. For two days you went for a walk through Moscow to Nizhny Novgorod fair. Wagons going from Petersburg to Nizhny Novgorod fairs, about !! Well, the train is taken away and pepper is delivered to Nizhny Novgorod on the way. All this is done within half an hour at the Kursk-Nizhny Novgorod metro station BE Doskv, and therefore we decided to do it without stopping for a day in Moscow. ѣҳat vѣ Yarmar ku. But h to talk with my companion in Moscow, I sent a telegram from Dorog to Petersburg to get to the train station tomorrow morning, to come to the train from St. Petersburg. -Bec. the village of Vikentiyem got the car that goes to Nizhnyago But the city, with pepper “Come to Moscow, I see us: stand and wait for Dorogov. I’m out. They sat down on a table on a form plate, took a glass of tea, we sit, we’re talking.” I looked around, I saw some kind of a way to leave, I asked the clerk’s nago buffet: what it’s come and go. He dismissed: "This is a special occasion at the Nizhny Novgorod Fair." I jumped up and asked: “Why so, but why there was no call and no one shouted out.” Inѣ explainThey said that they changed in order from yesterday: several small blows called earlier, and then one strong blow and the callers shouted: "First call, trains to Nizhny Novgorod." Then the second, and finally the third ring, and each time you shout. And now - one hit, after 2 minutes 2 hits and, finally, after another 2 minutes three hits and without any shouting. After three strokes, “depart”. Here and announcements are posted. I didn’t know, no one else_______1256_______did not say earlierѣ. Tak yai stayed. Have gone with. Dorogym to Kokorevka in the office, and Vincent with all my and his bug, he left for the Nizhny Novgorod fair and fell to Alexander Bokov for the wedding. Just this day, the Nizhny Novgorod Fair was celebrated at the Peter and Paul Young Lady, Zi naid Yakovlevna Kuznetsova.Having left Moscow at the station, I went to eat and. v. Dearly wash out to the Kokorevsky farmstead in your office. During the day I got acquainted with the trading books of the company, visited the commodity pantry. After a rest, having had a rest and having drunk tea, I ate in the Iversky Chapel to pray with the Blessed Idary and to pray.I was made into a commitment, being on high, it is mandatory, although for a few minutes to leave, go into the Iverskaya Chapel, attach a square of icons and put a candle, and if free time, then give a prayer service. From the chapel I went to the wok hall for the evening train, leaving for Nizhny Novgorod. If I had my own pass from St. Petersburg to the Nizhnyago Nov city, I was lying in my pocket, there was no luggage, I’ve taken everything away to Vincent. I had a night to go without comfort, sleeping in a sitting position. regulations, but in view of the large public going to the fair, there was still nowhere to go to bed.When morning at the fair, I caught Vincent still in the stele. Having poured tea, we went to a new fair cathedral on the Volga and Oka rivers. After praying, we went to Bulychevskaya Marina to see where our wool was unloaded and other goods came from the marina from the business center of Vyatsky to the breeders Lapte vym, and then to K.I. Nazarov. Having recognized what is going on at the fair, how are the prices for wool and for different tanneries found out_______1257_______goods, after breakfast we went to Bokov, to congratulate the newly married. Then on the following days, they began to trade, the price of Vyatka cow wool existed from 9 rubles. up to 9.50 p. for nothing. They bought mainly. - Moscow merchant of the rope leaves Petr Georgievich Baburin for resale by Kineshnemsky. to the breeders, that is, the main buyer was the mercenary of all millionaires, but some Kineshma people bought directly from us, the Vyatka breeders. For this year, I decided to trade Vyatka wool with the Arzamassky merchant Zheltov to arrange a competition for Baburina. But the Nelths did not arrive from Arz mas late, but some parts of Vyatsk were already sold, Pakler, having learned that I and A.P. Dolgungina parties have not yet been sold; we both brought him to our room. The Shinim debt was lodged in one hotel near Ermolaev, next to the merchant exchange, at the bridge bridge, on the banks of the Oka River. Yellow sheep immediately bought from us wallpaper ер nerst at 10 p.50 k. For good, giving us по at 5000 p. deposit. They began to fear Nas that Kheltov had very limited means, he would drag out from us. a passage and, if you fail to sell the Kineshamtsam himself, then at the end of the fair the wool will step aside and save. But others assured me that Neltov had secured the consent of the bank, that he could accept all of his goods and pay the bills money in the form of a Zheltovu loan, and then Zheltov would trade wool even in winter from the bank’s warehouses. As a result, it turned out that Heltov did a great job, they took the goods from us very early and calculated that we had no delays. They said that he was selling with profit, but apparently, in general, he didn’t make anything, because he was already trading for the next year_______1258_______ with wool stopped. For me, both wool and the rest, var, were sent to the fair through the bank, i.e. all the goods were. Vyatka took a loan, and the receipt of the shipping company for these goods was in the bank, but I coped without difficulty. Having received a deposit for wool, I began to redeem receipts in installments, one after the other, since the wool was divided into four parts and the shipping company had four independent qualifications, indicating the amount of the loan for each of the separate receipts. It was very convenient for me, and apart from me and the bank no one knew that the product was our deposit in the bank. To receive the goods shipping company, we came to the shipping office already with a clean receipt purchased from the bank. They let go of this receipt, did not get - where the rest of the receipt. Not a good product, I had a wonderful horse meat: the prices for it were low and ask mal, there would be no one to sell for cash. I offered it to the Moscow merchant, brothers. Cats are not worth a loan and not of high value, but still without any loss. They bought and issued promissory notes ranging from 4 to 6 months, pla tezhem in Noskv, chalk every 10 daysamounts of 2000-3000 rubles. In general, approximately 20,000 p. But before I offered horse meat to Mokin, I found out that the Alabuzov sold Moshkin a loan for 70,000 rubles. This has shown that Nazarovѣ, participating in almost all banks B an accounting committee ѣ, to know the creditworthiness of the Moshkins and to sell them himself ’means to find them reliable. Then I send to sell. Having received bills of exchange from the Moshkins, we immediately took them into account at the Moscow Merchant Bank. Protele grafted home to Pavel F. The next day I receive a telegram from him, saying_______1259_______that one of the Voshkin’s brothers died, the widow took away a large amount of her former personal capital - Monakin’s creditworthiness greatly decreased. They don’t sell to you in credit, but it’s better to sell it for a ruble in pood cheaper, but in good hands, and so on. I was indignant: the man was informed that he had been given, handed over, and the bills had been taken into account, and he had to telegraph his advice. I didn’t turn anything away from this telegram. Seeing K.I. Nazaro, I asked him: what do you think of the creditworthiness of Br. Moshkins. I, sold, sold for 20,000, but [Pavel F. does not approve. K.I. Nazarovѣ saidѣ: "Yes, we sold it and for 70,000, we think that we can withstand it for another year or two, and then we'll look .. * I showed him the telegram I received from Il. F. Read it, he gave it back, saying:" This is a woman’s discussion "I’m so looking, so at least you don’t sell it to anyone. It was painfully diminishing and far-sighted, so I didn’t foresee and didn’t timely reduce the credit to Adelkhanov." Over the course of six months, all the bills by the Doshkin Brothers were paid in full. But in the spring of the following year, Pavel F. ѣzdil in Toskva and Nresd. Before the horn, Koshkin again sell on credit, and the road was sold for 4800 p. Seeing Paul F., I ask: "How did you cable many that it was dangerous to sell Moshkin, and now that God has helped us, we all got it - you yourself have again allowed it to sell. It seems to me that now it’s more dangerous." Pavel F. said: “If they bought the old bills of exchange of the Moshkins, I found it inconvenient to permanently refuse them credit, therefore I decided to sell them a little more.” But the affairs of the Koshkins had already quietly gone, they all started to beware of selling them, and at the next Nizhny Novgorod fair I declined to sell them. They come ini i i. elevenІcha._______1260_______did they ask me a lot and asked if I could buy a split and a gloss from me. I was distracted that I was still in St. Petersburg. D.V. Maxi Mova to show all the goods brought to the Novgorod Fair, first of all to him, Maximov. "If I don’t bargain with them, then I’ll come to ѣ Vam." But I tried to sell Maximov and every year all private goods at the Nizhny Novgorod Fair to M.V. Maximov. But the Moshkins, indeed, at the end of the same Nizhny Novgorod fair, could not stand it - they went bankrupt and began to bother to establish an administration. Immediately after the fair, BE Moscow lenders gathered, including many who received an invitation, ti! It’s like a bill for 4800 rubles, for a sale that was dear to Vam in the spring, then the Koshkins didn’t pay us, and the bill was a protest. Pavel F. Pohal again in Doskva for the collection of creditors, with a view to whether it is possible to collect p. Koshkins, give a discount and secretly transfer their bills to them, but the Koshkins rejected that "the bill has already entered the lists on behalf of your company, now nothing can be done." Creditors were also collected and it turned out that the number of creditors included: Alabuzovs,! 4. V. Maksimov Paramonov, A. A. Senilov iz Vyatka and more. If you asked Pavel 5. “That you have a small amount of debt, you probably don’t want to get into the administrators, and therefore support candidate py B administrators nominated by Anton Ivanovich. . " Pavel F. then told me many times that they did not know for which to give their vote: p. Friendship with the Quartermaster and K.I. Nazarov, trusted by the Alabuzovs, always did a lot of good to us, and Senilov was again our Vyatka friend., And sometimes we also deigned to the banks. But A.I. Ala -._______1261_______Fuzov and I.I. Aleksandrov alone, each asking for himself - to support his candidacy. But finally it turned out that both. they were elected as administrators and two young. Moshkin, and the fifth - some Moscow lawyer, a representative of banks. This administration lasted five years. Before graduation, the selected administrators began to gradually buy up the skillful creditors and bills in parts. Anton Iva Alafuzov also offered us 40 kopecks each. for the ruble. We immediately agreed, and I owe half a mile to calculate the amount from An. Alabuzov, give him the full amount of the bill, with the inscription on the back ѣ in his personal name, without the turn on usѣ, i.e. without right, the liability of our company will be further for these bills. B. Neither the Zhegorodsky Fair and St. Petersburg, according to the Commandant’s delivery, Pavel F. has already completely refused to go. I completely took these things upon myself.Pavel F., who lived in a residence from Moscow to his own village, lived upstairs in our common home, and in the spring he started building his own separate house. But he wanted, first of all, to build a second backwater and to split the factories. If he got a factory on Rusanovskaya Zemlya, then he would like to build a house for himself there on Rusanovskaya Zemlya, and if he got our existing factory with a shoe factory, then he intended to build a house on the same factory yard on the highway, next to eat a swarm. But since I didn’t agree to build the second one for the time being, Pavel F. Rushil built his own house on the same door, where our common first house stood .. But the whole courtyard was on the 22 sled, the house was occupied by gates from the street ІІ soot. along the tract and there was free space_______1262_______gate to the construction of Stepan Fed. ІІ soot. Pavel F. decided to squeeze into this gap. He built a two-story house on the II floor in full width, and since there was no place to enter the courtyard for the gate, he built the gate for the house and built the whole width of the stone at the construction site for a stable, barn, carriage , a coachman and a cellar. He ordered oak parquet for the floor in Noskv, brought 10 gels, roads, and the craftsmen for the flooring arrived - the same parquet chick. from Moscow. It was very unpleasant for us that he had shut himself and us and half of our garden repelled him. It was also a pity that Apollinariy Alexeyevna was very sorry: a huge Christmas tree grew against our porch, just like on that place, where Pavel F. built a stone horse to his house. But there's nothing to be done - there was no other suitable free plot of land. Or he needs to be built at one or another plant, or here. I assumed that I should not mind him - let him build a home, to spend one hundred thousand rubles on goodness to build a plant. From wear from the moment of construction, I with Pavel F. became even more aggravated. When he finished building a house and went with his family to live in his house, neither I nor my family - Nobody went to him, and they did not go to us. We met only in the streets or in the factory, there we talked alone, and the family met only in the church. Pavel F. and his whole family didn’t have any of the Vakhrushevs and the others living in the village, and also generally no one living in the village, and they themselves did not invite anyone to visit. And whoever went through the company’s business, all the way, out of habit, went through our home, i.e. to. many If there was a need to see. Paul. F. then_______1263_______Seen in the officeѣ or you factoryѣ.In the 1910th reptile, after the Nizhny Novgorod Fair, I p. Wicken tiem pohal v Irkutsk to see how to do there to put our boots. Although there. our servant Nikolai Aleksandrovich Koshkarov and his wife already lived / the same N. A. Koshkarov, who lived in Petropavlovsk before V.S. Zhilina /, and after the war he returned home to Vyatka and entered the bureau, married the daughter of Semyon Fedorovich Mikhћev /. We sent him and his wife to Irkutsk to monitor the receipt of our boots in the Quartermaster’s warehouse. From Irkutsk we took N. A. Koshkarov with us and all three of us went to Khabarovsk on Amur. I went to Khabarovsk with the goal of taking a supply of boots for the Khabarovsk military district, also on a long-term contract, as well as for Irkutsk. From Irkutsk, we had to go to Khabarovsk for 10 or 12 days with soil transportation. ” Until now, I have not been far from Irkutsk, it was of great interest to me to see Lake Baikal for the first time - this is such a huge, like the sea, one cannot see the other shore. The Circum-Baikal Railroad is also very interesting - several dozen long tunnels, and some of them should go along the railroad along the very shore of Lake Baikal. You look through the window to the left - all is one water, and it is so impressive that the trains go along the sea, and you look at the right, through the opposite window there is a solid stone wall, a hewn mountain, then you enter the Vi tunnel, and so on. Passing Chita, the railroad track began to rise steadily, especially in front of Manch itself by jury, and they lifted grief to the huge ridge. Had a train along the sheel along the largest tunnel. Before the tunnel, all the windows behind the wings and locked the outer doors, all passengers were warned_______1264_______do not open the window and do not look out the windows - you can tear your head off, and out of the open window the car full of smoke will empty the car. The tunnel is 5 or 10 versts, and maybe even more, I do not remember. When we drove through the tunnel, a beautiful view appeared in front of us from the mountain into the valley and below we can see a few straight lines - * easy roads running in parallel from 50 to 100 soot. one is the other, only one is higher, and the next is lower and lower. It turned out that this is all our railroad on which we continue to drive. She walked along the slope of grief, letting herself eat loops, and gradually going down, everything was very beautiful. * At the stationDanchuria our "hand luggage" was inspected, and the suitcase, * going with us in Khabarovsk, was sealed with a seal. We didn’t go out to Manchuria, and bought foreign cards and a pound of flowing tea to the station, and Vincent bought a hair hedge depicting some kind of Chinese god who was shaking on a wire. Having lost the station, we began to play cards, preferable, so we went all over the Chinese territory. When they began to enter Russian land near Khabarovsk, there was again a customs inspection. We were afraid that they wouldn’t demand a fine for the cards we had, they wrapped them in a piece of paper and took the restroom of the next carriage and hid it in a pipe. I went through the control, they asked: is there anything to pay the duty. I showed uncorked tea. Nam said a little, it is possible. Vincent pulled a hedgehog from the shelf, shaking it in front of them. The controllers blurted out and left. After about 10 minutes, we went to get the cards from the restroom. It turned out that they were already there. The controllers, apparently, took them, or the conductor of the torus. It’s probably familiar to them, we weren’t the first to hide the cards there. I had to put up with it, continue on without preference,Te a_______1265_______In Khabarovsk we lived for three days. The District Quartermaster's there. ѣ not, but still there is the Quartermaster’s warehouse ѣ under the military ѣ home ѣ. I got to the head of the warehouse, the head of the department, or the warehouse superintendent, just now I don’t remember what he explained to me, why did I understand the promise, referring to the fact that we already have delivery to the Irkutsk military district directly under the long-term contract, besides Petersburg, but nevertheless, the approval of the Glavnago Intendant Management. Head from. delay: * we don’t have any workpieces ѣ and it’s unlikely that any of your proposals will come out ѣ. * But still he advised me to go to the Governor-General, who is subordinate to their Quartermaster’s warehouse, “By the way, if you bark later, you can inspect the warehouse and boots, just the other day you received your warehouse from Russia. * We went to the warehouse. boots. It turned out - with our stigma. I said: "Like you - you are satisfied with these new-style boots. * Initial Nick informed us that they still didn’t have such boots, you were all admired and the governors general ordered to write Petersburg, which is desirable in the future. also have boots. I dismissed that these were the boots of our factory, and I came here to offer the supply of exactly the same brand with the stamp "Fyodor Vakhrushev sons": The head of the department said: Try, talk to the governor general and tell him what was received the other day Khabarovsk fold your boots that he really liked, just yours. * I went the next day to the Governor-General. It turned out that he was an old bachelor ", he receives" an office "at the apartment. I will explain the reasons for my visit and emphasizing that::_______1266_______they have boots in their warehouse of our country and I have the same model with me, and copies of contractsѣ. The Governor-General said: “It is very nice to get acquainted with the manufacturer himself, who will give us the first good boots, but we will not prepare ourselves. On the outskirts of Russia we have no time to do this. But in Petersburg I ordered to write, so that forward boots are sent to us as well. " I see that the delivery to the entire Khabarovsk district, did not go out, they began to clutch, as if drowning in a straw. I appeal and say: "Your Excellency, I dare to draw your attention to the fact that the Chief Commissar has a lot of suppliers. And they cannot accurately determine and remember which factory of the edging and where the boots are sent, but for accuracy, will you not find when reporting to St. Petersburg, it’s possible to inform that the steps taken by the village of Kleim were found by the manufacturer Fedor Vakhrushev and the successor of Lieutenant Colonel Khudozhilov to be very good, and so on. " The governor-general said: "Yes, that’s right. If you come back to the clerical office, tell it to my name or to the head of the department." I began to dare and say: "As long as paper goes to St. Petersburg, you can send the boots of another factory already at that time. Maybe you can find it possible. Write to Petersburg by telegraph, and is it possible at my expense - a copy of a lot." The Governor-General said: “I’m writing by telegraph and I don’t mind you, just try already - send us always the same good boots. * I thanked and promised to take all the necessary measures for me to always go ahead They were pleased with our boots, bowed, but he put his hand over many and went behind me into the front.from_______1268_______ by yours, and in this triangle is a boat of two hundred fishermen. Each boat has 4-5 people with net, scoop out fish from the net and throw it into the bottom of the boat with their hands. Load a full boat, lift. to the coast, and along the coast, a few versts, on the sand, rafts from the boards are built right up to the river. Take out the boats. men Throw ashore fish on rafts, like logs each to its own site, and on the bank, divided into sections, women and men pick up fish, tear open their belly, choose: fish ѣ caviar and barrels, and throw guts and offal into the river. Throw this away with the blood of the river to half a river below the dam, all blood extends a mile or a mile. Fish here can be salted in large barrels and taken to warehouses or the railroad. The whole coast is teeming with people working for fishing and for salkets. I believe that tut worked for at least five thousand people.On the way back from Khabarovsk, Nikolai A. Koshkarev uѣhal p. If by train. V. Irkutsk, and I, Vikentіem, drove to Vladivostok, to see Vladi the East of the Great or Pacific Ocean, and then, to take an express trip, go from the Far East to Tomsk. We stayed in Vladivostok at the hotel ubrat gr.A. Minskago from Achin - ska, having a letter of recommendation from his brother to him. We lived a day in Vladivostok, almost did not see anything special, which would draw our attention especially. The next day, we were forced to call out, as we were leaving the express train to St. Petersburg, which was to go once a week. There was no calculation for us to stay for another week and there weren’t any. At the station Manchuria I want to buy foreign cards again, but kiosk":TE!_______1269_______ the past was closed, since we had profzal at night, and you brought the flowery tea nan carriage merchants. We bought five pounds, since three pounds can be transported for personal consumption duty-free. Neither in Irkutsk, nor in Krasnoyarsk we did not leave, having passed without a transfer to the station Taiga. The express train was taken by you to Tomsk. Въ Tomsk. by me from Vyatka I was a telegram call Alexey Vladimirovich Pestov / our senior cutter /. He met at the wok hall. I spent the past 24 hours in Tomsk, seeing the Kukhterin, Golovanov and s. Karym. I'm still with. Vikentіem svѣzdil к. Widows ѣ Yekaterinѣ Vasidievna у new, a husband, who was a company and co-founder Vladimir р Zhilin. Catherine you. Lyapunov with the youngest daughter, bastard / you lived a city until mѣ. They took us very cordially, it is possible that they considered Vincentia to be the groom, but we didn’t have any conversations on this subject. I said that being in Tomsk and learning that 1.Dikhail Peter. die, I consider it a duty to edify his family and you will express condolences. On the next day, I went to the post office to go home, and Vincent s. A.P. Pestov remained in Tomsk, made a living in the house of karym, and began to follow his purchases of raw materials and Sent him to Vyatka.Before I’m leaving Tomsk, I told Innokent Evgrafovich Kukhterin: “If only I could buy a couple of horses. Your factory, but you have all the roads. Maybe half a year give me a lot of blood, five hundred rubles.” Innokentiy E. Kukhterinkazal: "For 500 rubles a couple even one and a half racers are not of the first-rate quality. The best prize is 2000, 3000 rubles a year old, but for 500 rubles I will pick up blood...R_______1270_______and decent foals, but not prize-winning. To grow, so it will be possible to ride it yourself. And then I’ll give a couple more steppe Siberian nests. On these can be now. Vam Ride in Vyatka, horses tested, lap-horse and with a good move. - you will be satisfied. And transporting from Tomsk to Vyatka will be one and the same thing - for a couple, then for 4 horses, and the guide ONE. For a pair of foals, Vam will also have to pay for the whole carriage, so there will be nothing extra for your delivery. “For the Siberian nests, he took, it seems, 200 rubles. A pair of blood foals, one and a half round. dark gray certificates were sent. One was called Hurricane, and the second was Boyar. When they grew up, the Boyar was beautiful, but it’s hard or quiet, and Hurricane 10 is faster, rather quickly, but he had a slight flaw, namely a bite, i.e. he was a jerky deck in which he was given food - oats.Vikentiy sѣ A.B. Pestov lived in Tomsk month 2 or 2 1/2 and bought up to 10 thousand leather through carly. The cuisines loved Vikentiya. Innokentiy Evgrafovich almost every day sent a call for him, a little guests or youth would gather for him, Innokentiy Evgrafovich asks: "And Vyat skyi, why do you need him today. Send him immediately." at Innokentіya Evgr. there were two daughters — a teenager of 15 and 13 years old and then the tribes of Nik, son of a sister, Shura Ulanov, a student, and his comrade, also a student of Tomsk University, the son of Kukhterinsky governing Ershke. And the daughters of Innokentіy Evgrafovich still had friends of the Baryans, and they all gathered very often with In.E. Kuhterin. Toy V Kentiy made friends with everyone and have fun. By Christmas, the purchase of raw materials was completed, half of December 1910-oneR_______1271_______years Vikentіy with. Alexem V. Ilestov went home, and 1ola dezhy Kukhterinskaya, students of Ulanov and others began to go to Christmas time for 2 weeks to Moscow for some 30 relatives. But they were ordered to take a ride, walk and spend their own car. friend Vincent Vakhrushev and stay with him. Rozhdestvensky Viennese holidays Vikentіy prіѣkhal home with two guests mi. Our second daughter, Del, has already finished the full course. Vyatka gymnasium / with a medal /, Christmas time was at home and her guests were visiting each other, cousin Nadia Rukavishnikova. Съ пріѣздомѣ but sing, the student went to the youth full of fun, dancing and games. Students stayed with us. about five days, they didn’t want to go to A1oskva, but they were afraid that uncles would recognize Tomsk and that they might have to go on, and I said: “The kitchens will think that we have detained Vasya. Though not for long, but go to Moscow” .While I was driving to the Far East, without me, Uncle Ivan Timofeevich Vakhrushev was the very first founder of the Vakhrushevsky tanneries to die without me. At least 80 years old. He was buried in the Sloboda male monastery, near the church. Tavia, however, as a result, his wife Anna Andreevna was buried. I was very sorry that many did not have to attend his funeral. And later they said that for the sake of loss there were a lot of people, almost the whole city. They carried the Demyanka to the man’s monastery - it’s not less than 2 versts –– all the time the relatives and workers were on hand, and the mourners, who were mourning with their own crowd, walked behind us, and many horses followed them with horse carriages, and there were only relatives and friends who were riding funeral from the village of Voznesensko-Vakhrushev and generally from the Sloboda district. Around the same time, dieone-IMHELіA1 2fourtE_______1272_______ Vyatka, and also without me, Vyatka governors Iletri Konstantinovich Kamyshansky. But I already wrote about this in the previous chapterѣ. 1 month after 8 or 9 after the death of Ivan Tim. has died. our mutual friend, former mozy colleague, provincial vowel Fedor Ivanovich koysin - die suddenly at home in the village of Mukhino. I, too, was not at the funeral, for at that time St. Petersburg was. We have eat F.I. Koysinim for the last years before his death was the mutual exchange of other bills. Personally, we lent the koisin a little to buy flour and oats, which he traded, but for us. F.I. That Xin signed a lot. Of course, everything was made out by the corresponding receipts. Each party knew who should repurchase the BE term of the bill, and there were never any misunderstandings, at the time of the death of F.I. Koysin, one bill, payable to T.I.Koyasin, remained unredeemedѣ. We talked to. Paul. F., that the heirs, i.e. Voysin’s daughters and sons-in-law may not be up to date on a mutual loan of 10 bills. If you ask them to drink this bill, you may doubt and go talk all the time. We decided to redeem ourselves, and lastly, if they figure out the receipt and BE his book and talk to us ourselves, then we will explain it to them. But since the heirs of Koysin were not asked, we wrote off this amount at a loss.Ag-0-0-0In Petersburg, under the Main Commandant's Office, Inten - a Danish magazine was published. Among the employees of this magazine were a Petersburg resident, engineer Pisarev, very lively, resourceful and energetic. Even under the Chief Quartermaster амин Kaminsky ’, i.e. at -_______1273_______Around Tue 1907, Pisarev filed an initiative to set up St. Petersburg. The quartermaster’s exhibition, where all items of soldier’s uniform over the years are displayed at the whole table, how the army was dressed and worn, how gradually all the uniforms were modified and what uniforms and shoes are being prepared now.Pisarev took upon himself all the organization and expenses, but so that the Main Quartermaster would give him the entire Quartermaster’s Museum, located at the Technical Committee of the Main Quartermaster’s, where they are stored as samples, 1-2 copies of all the uniforms at the table. Chief Quartermaster 1 Lieutenant-General Kamin Skiy apparently sympathized with Pisarev’s idea and communicated with him on this issue. and apply to the Military Council for permission and financial support, although I would like to get a loan for the arrangement of this exhibition. Time tyanulos definite decision General Fireplace did not take ѣ, and. then Kaminsky send resignation. In connection with the senatorial revision of Senator Garin, the Main Quartermaster began to adhere to cautious expectation of any new introduction. or amended Yam. At the place of the Chief Intendant, re neral Shuvaevѣ entered. He looked at the idea of ​​IP Pisarev negatively, temporarily leaving the question open for 1-2 years. Finally, in the 19th year, the Soviet Union refused. Pisarev considered that the Chief Quartermaster was opposed by the chief of the division of the Chief Quartermantage, Colonel Akimov, who openly and early said that it was not necessary to delay the Quartermaster’s exhibition, except for Pisarev, and if the Military sold it a loan, then the money will be onAND.3.lost_______1274_______Pisarev, having received a final refusal, said to everyone: "This idea of ​​mine with a pass failed due to the presence of regiments of Nick Akimov, but I still consider myself to be removed and father."*,-o-p- In connection with the senatorial audit, bribery was found most of all, it was revealed by the preliminary commissions, which were made up in each district and the following composition: the president was appointed at least lower than the lieutenant colonel. Quartermaster. Skim management for three years; three or four members - officers not lower than the rank of lieutenant of the Units of the troopsѣ for two years, in turn, you are looking at different parts of the troops; technician with special education. prepared by the technical committeeѣ under the Chief. The quartermaster is five years old.To test the boots at our factory, built under the supervision of the Quartermaster, for the first time the results were better, since the Main Quartermaster from all over Russia began to receive good reviews about the boots.The main Quartermaster’s management made it clear that the Quartermaster, who was observing the factory at work, considered himself to be responsible for any loss, so he tried to strictly follow all the little things during work and, finally, he accepted the finished ready-made dialogue, to set his own brand, knowing for sure that there is a syllable inside; Therefore, good boots are obtained. In addition, for the treasury there is an economy in procurement, contractors do not bear the cost of transporting goods until we have a warehousing warehouse and the maintenance there are state employees,_______1275_______to which earlier contractors paid from 50 to 10%. With the delivery at the factories, the contractors began to declare prices cheaper, for the sake of treasury, great savings were obtained.Chief Quartermaster General Shuvaev ѣ rishil gradually began to organize the entire Quartermaster’s business, prepare specialists who could individually replace the technician and ordinary military officer. For this, the Open Tenant courses were opened at the Technical Committee of the Main Quartermaster. Officers who were educated no lower than the average and no less than the lieutenant were sent to the Intensive courses from the units of the troops. Professors and teachers were members of the Technical Committee for Specialty Departments. I graduated one year courses, was appointed the main Quartermaster. the owners are independent and responsible, one for each separate backwater. :When, after the completion of the first course in the 19th and 19th year, a group of officers in numbers of up to 25 men was commanded by the Chief. Quartermaster with a scientific and practical purpose. familiarization with the production of factory activities, the cadets began their familiarization with the St. Petersburgplantar factories and military uniforms. in ІPeterburgѣ and ioskvѣ, then went to Kazan for the factory and for Alafuzov’s waters, where the technical director and master were. Andrey Andreevich. Zavadskiy, with special technical and higher education. If it was from St. Petersburg, the rule is that of Alafuzov, the authority to accept cadetsѣ and render them. full attention and all the amenities during the inspection, and to explain all the production in all the details during the stay in Kazan:::fromMІT._______1276_______provide the apartment and the maintenance of everything. The cadets, having lived in Kazan for a week, were very pleased with the courtesy of the Zavad skago and the knowledge gained from it, from which they learned that they had received a week of knowledge from Zavadskogo more than for the whole year at the Intendant courses. From Kazan, the whole group of Quartermaster officers for the first day, in the spring, arrived in Vyatka. We stopped at Vyatka in the hotel and for 2-3 days they were allowed to inspect the plants of the Laptev and Dolgushin. Because all 25 people were in the village, We were warned by phone about their hotel: since we had a hotel, we had to arrange for all rooms and beds, as well as the contents, all this coincided with Easter. Pupils of the Zemstvo and parochial schools were placed on a long vacation. They scored 25 beds with mattresses and bedding and made room for them, mainly in the parish school, and some who did not, in the church school, took up one room in the regional schoolѣ. We, the breeders, resolved the questions of our canteen among ourselves, having agreed to take guests as guests in turn. So we announced to the cadets that it’s impossible to find either an apartment or a table of wages in our village, we personally don’t agree to accept toll-free not having experience, but as guests, each of us will be glad to receive all of them at home. Thus, they lived for 3-4 days at our plants. They still traveled to Slobodskaya for an hour, they examined the backwater of M.I. Fofonova. From ѣ Vyatka all ѣ they traveled to Orenburg ’and Simbirsky to inspect the cloth factories. Then come to Moscow, in Orkhov-Zuev, Vikul Morozov watched the fabrica_______1277_______ which developed a canvas - calico for soldiers of ski shirts. Returning to St. Petersburg, they presented a report on everything to the Chief Quartermaster. It turned out that it was better to pass the certification of the Alabuzov Plant in Kazan, and especially the Alabuzovsk Technical Director An. An. Zavadskіy. Chief Quartermaster Shuvaev. He called Alabuzov himself and invited him to call Zavadskogo Petersburg with all the material, and Zavadskiy personally sent the whole report, which he explained to Kazan to the cadet officersѣ. Zavadskiy was called to Petersburg, Alabuzov .. We, just at that time, were Petersburg. Zavadsky appeared V. Main Quartermaster at the same time with. By Nicholas. Nikolayevichem Alaffuzovѣ. During this time, Yai Al.II. Dolgunin were in prіemno! Mainly of Quartermaster. General Shuvaev send. When he saw us and Alabuzov eat Zavadsky, he said: "By the way, it’s good that the shoe makers were also there; please give me an office .." Alabuzov introduced Zavadskago. General Shuvaev invited us to sit down all the time, and Zavadsky invited us to begin acquainting the presence of all and the Chief Quartermaster at night, since he had already introduced officer cadets.A.A. Zavadsky during the course of an hour or an hour and a half explained in detail and on samples all that is already in the printed, re-processed Intendant commentary. Of course, we sat and listened without objecting, since we personally introduced a lot of improvement into a new description. The explanations of Zavadskogo seemed to General Shuvaev very clear and understandable. Thank you, he was about the strength of him and Alabuzov to come on the next day. It turned out that General Shuvaev proposed A.A. Zavadsky must be the managing committee of the Technical Committee. by leatherN_______1278_______to the new department and lecturer of the professor at the Quarterly Courses, having secured at the same time Alafuzov’s consent that the company would not interfere with Aladu’s call for the benefit of the treasury. Now A.A. Zavadskiy was enlisted in the civil service with. production in the first order and, every two months, the following orders were made. So he increased, up to the day of the reign of the Native State Councilor inclusive, and received all orders, up to and including Vladimir. He used a large dovѣrіem and located General Shuvaev.The commandant’s cadet officers were with us at the number of 25 people at the end of April 19! The first year, and at the end of the same year, including 8 people, they appeared already in. Vyatka for water as a premier-specialist. Two went to the Laptevsk factories, one to Zonov, one to Dolgunin, three to our village to Vakhrushev’s krozm of our company /, and one to Slobodskoy to Fofonov. We still have 11 ri factories; in - tenant’s lieutenant colonel A.N. Khudozhilovѣ.T.-0-0-0-0-0-0V. I Julius month 19Ї in the 1st year, to the town of Slobodskaya, Kazan - the military district okrug, I was appointed to deploy battalions and troops to accommodate BE Slobodska city barracks, since the Sloboda cossacks were removed from the west of Sloboda and the barracks were deserts. Our company. Ya.N. Art to give the initiative to arrange a meeting with the troops. Having first negotiated with the receiving officers at other factories, they agreed to offer all the breeders their consent. arrange a meeting. All breeders agreed by providing.from.ІoneBUT._______1279_______officers prіimshchikam compose a plan and manage the device in line. Built on the path, against the sobriety society, an arch of logs, decorating it with national flags. Then, after the meeting and prayer, for all coming officers, local officers-receivers with veins, all of the Vakhrushev familykromѣ dѣtey /, a man of 50 or 60 rounds% into the house of Dmitry Ilya cha Vakhrushev, on the terrace, since he had a suitable terrace for such a discussion, i.e. more than others ..Before the arrival of the battalion, at about 6 p.m., Y. N. Khudo zhilov, a light crew on one horse, went a mile away, i.e. to the village of Rubezhnitsy, I’ve got a walking battle, once I told them. the program got up, and he quickly returned to the village.According to the program, Nikolai Ilyich Vakhrushev sent to arch. with bread and salt on dishes. The battalion was fed up with a step, and in front of the battle she, riding a horse, ѣ go naked, the battalion commander she, lieutenant colonel. Mikhail Nikolaevich Trang. At the arch he jumped the horses and entered under the arch. Nikolai Ilyich brought him a dish of bread and salt and said a short welcome word, prepared on paper by one of the officers of the mission. Having accepted the salt, lieutenant colonel of training about Vel bata lion to the church square, building in rows, command: for prayer. The clergy of the clergy, Father John Pshetnikov and from Arkady Marakulin, who had been waiting in the square in front of the church for the best festive garments, with banners and icons and a good local priesthood, served a short prayer and sacrificed themselves to the cross. Lieutenant Colonel M.N. The country was again ordered to build, quietly. I started the welcome toast. At this moment, all the troops took guard. I saidѣ: “To our shareTO_______1280________. Today the happiness fell to meet the troops of His Imperial Caro Be foliage. 11 I proclaim a toast for the health of the Supreme Leader of the Russian Army, our beloved Dionar Sovereign Emperor Nicholas the 2nd, cheers: "The troops and all the people who were on the square shouted trio Dy: cheers, cheers, cheers. And the military brass bandѣ three times played the hymn “God save the Tsar.” We invited Dmitri Ilyich to the back house as an officer, and the musician’s orchestra asked us to play around the terrace. All the battalion soldiers were officers assigned to our field around lѣsa, where the soldiers of the race of their zeros and ofitserskіya tents for the night, and zatѣm for vsѣh Soldan profit at our kuhnѣ on Rusanivska odvoritsѣ, Prigov tovlen due to vsѣh Vahrushevyh, obѣd:. qi with meat and hlѣ bom, porridge and charkѣ vodka Soldiers pozabirali all Bb own. they took pots and took bread and vodka, and sat in their tents. The officers' overalls dragged on for about three hours, for diampane skill. Afterwards, the toasts were celebrated for those who greeted them, and those who proclaimed toasts were proclaimed for the hospitable hosts.Next to I.N. At the rank was the wife of the lieutenant colonel Glagolev's wife; she prompted L.N. Shtranke name and patronymic of all Vakhrushevs. It turned out that in the “battle” there is a man of 7-8 volunteers, young soldiers. Towards the end of the round, k4.N. Ethnic deputies of our Vakhrushevsky rysh and cavalry: decide to invite the volunteers to dance together with the officers and everyone present at the reception. Dispensation has followed. After 10 minutes, dancing began and continued after midnight. Finally, everyone went to sleep, and._______1281______.battle officers she went to sleep in their tents. At six o'clock. in the morning, the tents were neatly assembled and the battalion performed in Slobodskaya. I’m not even talking about steel, I didn’t see how they left, and some of our young ladies and gentlemen went to provoke them to Kl Bukovskaya mountain. But at that time a thunderstorm broke out and heavy rain began to fall. Our youth hid from the rain in the cottage of Ilya whose Klabukovsky forest and waited there for one hour. We grabbed in the morning. - where our youth in the rain. They told us that they had left to escort troops to the Bukovskaya mountain. But according to the calculation of time, they should already be back, but they should not be. This Nasy built many times, we thought that it was not up to Slobodsky whether they had gone off to see off. But the rain stopped, our farewells are turning around, and although not very, but still wet. They explained that they sat in the summer cottage under the roof and waited for the rain. It ended with a parting of the older ones.- () -0-0-0-.According to the initiative Khudozhilov’s in our village was appointed three or four days after the meeting of the army, namely on the 20th July 1, c. feast day, festivities for workers and peasants of the nearest villages. For this walk from Slobodsky, all the officers of the battalion came to us and a full orchestra of military music with them. The officers came, as it were, on a visit to Vakhrushev, and they brought the music with them as a token of gratitude for the meeting and for the reception,. Having learned that today is a public festivity, so that it would be fun to walk, the officers contribute to the device of their festivities in the orchestra_______1282______ they paid, in the form of a tip, and gave them a complete urocene.For folk festivities, an empty field was set aside for the forest and for the cemetery, near the Blatovskaya village. A grandstand was set up with benches for spectators, a hut from the tez, covered by Straw, like a Little Russian hut, was served for tea drinking. Tea was sold by two ears in Little Russian costumes, Around, Throughout the whole polio, there was a clearing of 5 sai. width croup for bk be on horseback and for horse riding. In the middle of the circle, a carousel, rented at. Vyatka at Tra Peznikov for a week for 25 p. To turn this carousel around with a swinging audience, I was handed over to peasant Ivan Petrovich Rusanov at that time, so that I could take advantage of it to sway a swinging public, that is, for his work, since the organizers hired him on condition that he don’t pay anything for his work and for him for the carousel. paying Trapeznikov nothing to take. Everything that they help out goes to him, and the rent of a carousel was paid from the account of the organizers. Then, a tall five plated pillar was delivered. And at the top there is a good accordion, as if: whoever gets the accordion will receive it. Then go parallel to the green, on the arshin of the earth, cover the laziness behind a stump of the same five-plowed column, and lift the top of the box, put the connected live piglet. Anyone who wants to be from the public, everyone, starting from the butt, can walk along the log to the top, get the second orifice, screeching, and carry it back. Then the dewdrop, like a prize, gets one to fulfill this dead, not to fall from the log, since the log is thinner to the top, and when a man walks along the log, the closer comes to the vertical, the more the log sways. Whoever starts to go_______1283_______sways and fall. There was also a lot of hunting to get the accordion: to crawl up to half of the log, slip and go back down. Finally, before ending all the numbers, when the coach was Pavel Fedorovich, quickly II on the log, he got to the top, took off the accordion and rushed back to it. The whole audience applauded him. They bowed and felt sorry for the accordion. The next day, they learned that the coachman rub the shin and head of the boot with rosin or velcro, and also your hands - palms. Therefore, he did not slip on a log. But nothing can be done - no one could detect his trick or petty fraud in time and did not guess - the prize remained with him. Nobody got the pig, the prize remained unplayed. It was distillation, they wished for the peasants to wish for the prize: Iilochki and beads, earrings. And then peasants ’skyye boys for a prize: a silver watch or a cigarette case. Then you also ran the launches of the boys and girls complications, holding your teeth by the mobile, and a raw egg on a spoon. Thank God and have to wait quickly and make sure that the egg does not fall from. spoons and beat more than once. When I received the first indicated distance and did not drop the eggs, I received it with no responsibility. On horses harnessed in pairs to a light crew, 2 or 3 pairs rode. The first prize was received by father Arkady Marakulin, ѣkhavіy on his own pair of horses. Three people signed up for the races: our son Boris 2 years old and two sons Afanasy Ilyich, 12-13 years old. They didn’t have horses, but they were light and they often rode them on horseback, and Boris had a working horse, a fat and meek merino .. Two of them rode him around the house at home in steps, starting at 5-6FT ttshit. {{when the races began, all three of them put before three -_______1284_______ a row of buna. Hit the bell. Both sons of Afanasy Ilyich hit 10 horses with whips and galloped, and the horse Bori, called Olimka, also ran after them. Sazhen 10-15 ran away, to see that the front was already far away, stopped, turned and walked back in a step. Borya pulls her on the reins and urges her on, but cannot do anything - she went to the hut and stood, and Borya sat on her and cried. But at that time, two riders had already jumped around and got the first and second prizes - for silver Nom in a glass. Kolya Rukavishnikov podbѣgaal to Borina’s lop di, took her prisoners and brought her to the podium, where prizes were awarded. Borya declares: “Look and I’ve gone.” The audience is all good and bad, and I .. Khudozhilov, the former manager and distributor. call upon him, and give him the same silver cupѣ and say: "A1olodets, that’s the third one for you." Borya is relatively satisfied. There was still a few games for peasant girls ears and little boys, until we gave out all the prepared prizes and gifts. Then, after the festivities were over, the same for: Half read Dmitry Ilyich. Vakhrushevkіm the prepared address and canopy to Yakov Nikolaevich Khudozhilov, as an initiator, and arrange for everyone to have fun for the entire local society. The address under was written by everyone, who was present at the party and, with the address, a silver bucket for a punch was brought up. From the fields of festivities, all invited guests and all workers and peasants and the orchestra of music playing the march went out in general to our village. On the church square, the workers and peasants separated and went home. All invited guests Ol: whether to many home. 11 students. downstairs, we were treated to dinner, and then we, with all our guests, unified the middle stage on the terrace, and then we danced spiritual war music at midnight. conductedTHOSE_______1285_______ I.N. Khudozhilovѣ; at every opportunity he could bring in general fun and noisily conducted dances.-0-0-0fromEelevenUNTfourSoon after the national festivities, about a month later, she passed through. Vyatka and Sloboda with the choir 11argarita Dmi trievna Agreneva-Slavyanskaya. On the way back from Slobodsky, she arranged and sat with us, we folk house / all together in sobriety / one concert. At the end of the concert, having sent the whole troupe to Vyatka, she was one singer. Basom, was invited to our ears: 11 to know. The guest intellectuals of the guests were taken for forty people, and after I.I.N. The artist was tempted by Nil to dance all the way, and 21. Agreneva-Slavyanskaya stayed and danced for 2-3 hours. Generally I.N. I was able to arrange all kinds of amusement for all layers of the population. Among the youths, the worker arranged a company of about one thousand soldiers, in order to interest them they wrote out about a half and a half of wooden ones: she and the company cap. The workers willingly enlisted Her company from BIBnyh, walked, marched, and then he trained them in military literature, and the psalm of our church, Pavel Vasilyevich E Porshnev, but all the workers and all who wish to learn to pray, pray. Once, it happened that at six or seven in the evening, factory inspectors N.Ya. Yezhov, who was planning to go before him, to look and listen to how to go about busy workers on the move. He suggested to the factory inspector whether he would like to take an interest in busy workers. They agreed with pleasure. We entered the room and stopped on the stairs so that no one could see us and not be embarrassed. About hearing 2-3 prayers, we entered. Factory Inspector SubdrillbutSega,._______1286_______ workers, praising their penance, thanked them for their rational and useful entertainment, and also thanked the psalm-writer P.V. Poraneva and quietly told him: "Your labors and energy will be brought to me by the Archbishop Archbishop." Indeed, the psalm-reader P.V. Porshnevѣ was soon ѣ transferred to another village and dedicated to deacons, and then ordained priests; although it was a spiritual kind, but did not finish the full course of the seminar.. -0-0-0-0-0-0After my joint work with A.P. Dolgushin’s trips to Tours, a close friendship was established between us, we would often visit one another. From the conversation I noticed that Alexander P. Dolgushin was jealous of the fact that I live in a village and that I am a member of the accounting committee. A state bank, and he is a resident of the provincial city, and no less a respectable breeder, and he is not invited to be a member of the accounting committee in any bank. One man is frankly a vysk hall. On occasion, I reported this conversation to the Governor of the State Bank, Vladimir Ivanovich Shchelkov, and said: "If you need an addition of members, then maybe you will find it possibleѣ to invite A.P. Dolgushin." V.I.Schelkov said, "Just as there is one free vacancy. I will talk to him tomorrow and I will submit it for approval." That's the way. A.P. Dolgushin in 1910 was a member of the accounting committee. Recognizing this, our Vakhrushevs-Ilyichs and Mironovs became very angry and openly said that this, surely, had made everything Peter Aleksan drovich - made friends with. Dolgushinama and everywhere for him with_______1287_______ Drag the battle. At the same time, V.I.Schelkov asked me to recommend to the accounting committee of someone from the Sloboda district, a Tatar merchant from Karin, although sometimes they represent me. k. accounting in the State Bank. bills are merchants-Tatars, and they are not known to any of the Orthodox members of the accounting committee, nor are they Tatar names and surnames, because, in view of the difficulties to remember their Tatar name, middle name, everyone is used to calling them. Orthodox names / for example, Suleyman was called Ivan; Sibogatulla - Savin; Valiy - Vasily and so on. I reckoned mendoval to Sibogatulla Valiev Devetyarova, who I knew all the more in Upper Karin. Him, simultaneously with. Dolgushi - nym, V.I.Schelkov invited and presented for approval. But S.V. Devyatyarov served as a member of the accounting committee for only one year, because the manager kept him in a biased, non-benevolent relationship to his competitors. Tatars. This is V.I. Shchelkova did not like him for the next year either. expelled Devetyarov from the committee. Mikhail Vasilievich Mironov, having learned that the manager of the State Bank is counting my opinion, began to ask me to recommend him to the members of the accounting committee or to help him make friends with Shchelkov and invite him to a housewarming party. So, M.V. Mironov bought in the city of Vyatka on Moskovskaya Street, near the All Holy Church, rebuilding the house, leaving it under the control of the architect I.A. Charushin and decided to arrange a housewarming party with complete comfort. Invited all relatives and friends. Telephones to many villages, invite me and my wife. I refuse: * I’ve never invited Vasya and you wouldn’t have gone away with your wife, it’s inconvenient for us to get through. "!not_______1288_______ "If you are considered visits, then my wife and I will immediately call you on a visit, and tomorrow I will send you three mail horses." I rejected that I have my own horses, and you can go on a visit without a visit. Finally, I give the word that day. Then N.V. Mironov asked by telephone: "Come on, invite V.I. Shchelkova to my room for a housewarming party." I said: "I can’t do this - go and invite yourself." Then N.V. Kironov say: “Tomorrow morning, probably, you will be eating A.P. Dolguny’m committee,” tell V.I. Shchelkov that you will both be with me, I will tell him today that you will be together for screw or preference. * I rejected: “He doesn’t seem to play cards, but if asked, I’ll say that I will be with you.” The next day, after the end of the registration, the members of the accounting committee dispersed. IN AND. Schelkovѣ asked me to stay in the “binet”. Left alone, he asks me: “What is it that M.V. Mironovѣ arrangesѣ tonight for some big holiday, the city’s polls to call guests and persistently invited me, listed the invited, including, first of all, called you.” I dismissed: * I told everyone to be, but it’s time for me to persuade Vasya, but I said that it’s inconvenient, and for now, tell him that it’s decent for him to send you a visit and personally invite him. It seems that he is inviting all the managers of the bank. And how did you - have promised, or not. * V.I. Shchelkovo saidѣ: “I didn’t firmly tell you, I told him that in the evening I have something wrong; if I get free early, I’ll be late for half an hour .. But it’s all because, frankly, I don’t like many of Miro_______1289_______ such about him, indeed, is: c. he recommended himself so much that he didn’t lie to the majority, and I know that you don’t like such people, and therefore refused to level up Vasya. Decide for yourself - if you’re on the bucket, please wait. "V.I. Shchelkovѣ said:" No, I’m better not to go, and you tell him that if I get free, then I’ll not be later than 10 o’clock, but if by 10 I don’t wait, then don’t wait - it means, I’m not free, I really can’t miss it. "It turned out that the evening had been arranged with plenty of wine and snacks brought from Moscow. there were only relatives of 11irono, you, dolgushins, Gvozdev, and my friends, NL Rylov, my wife and architect, I. A. Charushin, and a Jewish man The Leipzig Commissioner Mirkin, the manager of the bank didn’t show up, they all declined, citing urgent matters or evening parties for commission. Taki MV Mironov left his dream to get into the members of the accounting committee of a bank.In the same year in Perm, our friend, entrusted to Alafuzov, Konstantin Ilyich Nazarov, died. We all received a telephonic presentation and invitation to a funeral. I really wanted to personally go to Perm for a funeral, but some of us had an urgent factory case. After consulting with each other, we, from our company, filed Anastasiya Lukyanovna Nazarova with those words of condolences and with the help of my son-in-law Alek sѣya Gr. Pironova to order a good win at our expense, on the day of the funeral or to go in person. They offered to go from our company, like the eldest, my dad, Alexander Fedorovich, and when I did, I sent my son Vikentіya to the old manI AMPE_______1290_______It was more convenient. So the grandfather went with his grandson. From Petersburg in the company of the Alabuzovs Perm went to Perm for the funeral of the youngest to take the Alaruzovs George Ivanovich Alafuzov. None of. Vakhrushevs and generally from the Vyatka breedersѣ did not attend the funeral of K.I. Nazarov. But the citizens of the city of Perm at the funeral were a huge mass: K.I. Nazarov enjoyed great popularity in Perm in all sectors of society. Nazarov’s family was very pleased that we, the only ones from Vyatka’s friends, had personally arrived to give the last to the deceased. For the offsite room after the burial, George I. Alaruzov and Alexander F. Vakhrushev, as the main honored guests, were seated at the head of the table next to him, and Vikenty himself chose the place and insisted on being taken over by the barons, the daughters of Nazarov. After the funeral, Anastasiya Lukyanovna Nazarova sent me a thankful and very well-felt letter in which, by the way, she wrote: "Konstantin Ilyich loved you sick all from E Biat - a factory breeder for justice and frankness."Soon after the funeral, we were in Vyatka in the accounting Komi - aunt. I entered into a general conversation between the Laptevs, Dolgushin and me that I would die at all Vyatka breeders an indispensable friend and well-wisher. Everyone received invitations to the funeral, but something was not going to pass. And I said that I personally wanted to go, but indeed, I could not leave, and the Otil of our company was my dad and my son Vikentiy, and the family of K. I. Nazarov was very pleased.After the committee, V. I. Shchelkov invited me to eat breakfast in my apartment. At breakfast, I showed him a letter brought by Perm Vikentіem. You talk ѣ at breakfast IBUTETETgr._______1291_______ detailed time said. To V.I.Schelkov, how much good has done for us personally and for all of the Vyatskys K.I. He was a member of the accounting committee in almost all banks, and everyone appealed to him for their help, and he did not give anyone the opportunity, and now no one from our region was left in the fair account. committee of acquaintances - this will indirectly respond to all, Vyatka businessmen. After breakfast, we went downstairs from the apartment to the bank. V.I.Schelkov to say: "Do you want to accept the position of member of the accounting committee in the Nizhny Novgorod Fair of the State Bank? If you want, I will recommend Vasya to my place Nazarov as his friend. * I rejected that, of course, I would it’s a great honor and would be ready to conscientiously work for the benefit of the whole Vyatka region, but I think that it is not feasible: I believe that there are already a lot of people who want to give them a chance and I’m sure to give candies, V.I. Shchelkov said that the fair committees ѣ member accounting committee ѣ selects - managing fair otdelleniya the bank personally, having known him, or is demolished by the local provincial branches of the bank by telegraph, or by separation from the provinces i. and myself - recommend the fair branch of the bank. "So I recommend Vasya. Just give me your ad rem, where you stop at the fair and what, approximately, the number will be in the Nizhny Novgorod fair. "I thank you for giving my fair address and saying that on the dates of the 22nd or 23rd of July I always go to fair, so that when officers are officially opened, fairs are open to participate in prayers and when raisedeleven..._______1292_______ fair flag of the 25th Uyul. V.I.Schelkov said: "To your visit you will receive at your hotel an invitation from the managing director of the State Bank and approval of the Minister of Finance, since you will be presented by telegraph to the fair committees in St. Petersburg and send it by telegraph,"Earlier in 1911, the Nizhny Novgorod Fair was held together with the Council of Vikentіem, I, indeed, received a gift from the office of the hotel, a package from the fair branch of the State Bank, this invitation and approval. After the prayer and the flag was raised, I went to the main house, to the upper floor, to the bank — to be presented to the administrator, acting state civil servant Nikolai Pavlovich Polyansky. He accepted me very kindly and saidѣ: "I received very good reviews about you? It turns out you were a beloved friend of KI Nazarov, who I really loved and appreciated, and in view of this, without waiting until I met You, I have enrolled you as a member of the accounting committee and you are approved by the LIinistrom. "On the very first day, fairs were opened, the fair branch of the State Bank was arranged in the main house, and a large bark in honor of the new governor Khvostov. I, among all the other members of the accounting committee, received from the manager N.P. Polyansk invitation. Having arrived at the rally, all came first of all to the mistress of the house, the wife of Polyanskago, who sat at the central table with more honored guests. n.p. Polyanskii recommended her coming guests, as well as acquainted with other guests. When I approached to greet the hostess, n.p. Polyanskiy recommended: "This is our. New member of the committee, perfectly recommended by Vyatka,. 1293.From today, it has only entered II into our banking community. new job, Peter. Alexandrovich Vakhrushev. "In the very first week I took part in the accounting committee, I met a lot of new acquaintances with the members of the committee, local Nizhny Novgorod merchants and friends from all over Russia and Siberia. Through the week, the past was due to changes in the city council in Lower. A new city is set up, honoring the same new governor Khvostov. The mayor, Dmitri Vasilyevich Sirotkin, arranged and disposed of. He was also a member of the accounting committee at the fair. The State Bank, and therefore the Governor of the State Bank Polyanskiy and all of us, members of the Accounting Committee, were invited to this meeting. During a dinner at a choir, an orchestra of music was played or the ferret or the best solo artists from fair restaurants sang alternately. Among the artists, Lidarskaya sang "Stenka Razin", i.e. * Change} painted islands Stenki Razin of the canoe came out of the island to the coast, on an expanse sea wave. "We liked it very much, applauded very much; Khvostov’s governors applauded and expressed the desire to invite her for so much. Then they invited some other second famous singer and put him on the other side of the governor. For champagne, VV Sirotkin proclaimed the Emperor for Gosu for the first time. They played a hymn and shouted cheers. rovicha Khvostov ognes -. otvѣtny toast, provozglasivѣ of eminent trade fair ku pechestvo and protsvѣtanіe Rossіyskoy Trade and Industry, and so continued dalѣe toast Obѣd lasted three hours..- In our Vyatskie and Slobodskie breeders were surprised and19._______1294_______ they envied that I was awarded such an honor - I sit in the main fair house, in the committee of the State Bank and go to parties and ceremonies. hope that they didn’t have access to them, and everyone wondered how I could get there. Towards the end, fairs began to come in the same way as we used to go to Nazarov, asking for help to take into account their bills. I willingly circled everything, if anything depends on me. The first came to my room. Mikhail Pavlo vich Kosolapovѣ, who in Vyatka always and everywhere went against me and other tanneries of breedersѣ: ask me to take part in assistance to take into account 10,000 rubles. presented in the State Bank of the bill of Slobodsky the smoker Onchukov, whom, as if, he betrayed gallantly, I said that I did not know and had not heard that there was Slobodsky. such a large blacksmith, Onchukov, who immediately buys credit for such a large amount of money. Then M.II. Kosolapovѣ, having raised his voice a little, declared: "How are you, Slobozhanin, and you don’t know your Slobodskys? I saidѣ: "It doesn’t matter, I personally know Vasya and I will say this, but if you consider the flaws incorrect, then request by telegram to Vyatka to give Gos a donation to the bank. * Then Kosolapovѣ, having reduced his tone, said: * This, in fact, is money for me personally for the purchase of goods, and Onchukov, of course, buys from me year-round yellow30 and we are long-standing friends with him, I have supported him a little, and if necessary, he will draw up many promissory notes. Of course, on time. I myself and I believe that these operations are known to you, and there may be such friends. " I said: “You should have said so right away, and I’ll also say there that I don’t know the drawer, and the bearer is many times reliable, consider the moneyI '_______1295_______you can probably be whole. If you believe a lot, then the bills will be taken into account. "Indeed, I had to say so; he took the entire amount into account, without asking Vyatka. Such requests began to appear almost daily. But for myself, my stay in the committee of the Nizhny Novgorod Fair State Bank brought many benefit indirectly at the State FairThe committee лично I personally did not take into account the bills of my company fundamentally but, considering it inconvenient and assuming that the labels taken into account are still put in credit to the local banks, i.e. will be credited to our loan in "Vyatka". I tried to take into account the promissory note bills to take into account the ban kakh, the branches of which are not in Vyatka, as, for example, the Moscow Merchants Bank or the Kazan Merchants Bank. It wasn’t a good idea to open at the Nizhny Novgorod Fair the Persian State Bank, which was friendly supported by the Russian State Bank ..The manager of the fair of the Russian State Bank N.II. Polyanskiy, during the meeting of the accounting committee, declared to all members of the committee: “A new Persian bank has opened for us, which, for political reasons, we sympathize with and support, and therefore I ask all Vasya, gentlemen, to support this bank, although partially, take into account and they have bills of exchange and recommend them to my friends .. And besides, I communicated to them to recommend any of you members of the accounting committee. Of the number of Bogorodsky tanners, I want to ask Vasya "- please_______1296_______ "I accept the offer and today I’ll come to the Persian Sky Banks to get acquainted."The next day I went to the Persian Bank to get acquainted with the manager and asked what I was ready to take into account from them, but how much they could open many, i.e. our companyѣ credit. The manager said: "Half of the amount of the loan you have in your place is a branch of the State Bank." I said: * Our loan to Vyatka is one hundred thousand rubles. Thus, if you like, then I will present to you tomorrow a century of mudflows for accounting for 50,000, or first an extract of bills. * The manager asked to submit, and all bills were immediately taken into account by PERSIDI Bank, which for our financial operations was this time good support for over-lending.I tried to sell all my private leather goods, such as flap, split, etc., to Nizhny Novgorod fair in one hand - to the Petersburg merchant Mikhail Vasilievich Maximov, who received the entire amount with bills from 4 to 9 months, and all these bills are a teacher in the Moscow 14th Kuban Bank, for this bank stated that Maximov bills can be accounted for a million rubles. and M.V. Luxi movi all asked that his bills, if we take into account the Nizhny Novgorod Fair, that you would not be in the situation with the Moscow Merchants Bank. And I, in turn, about the strength of N.V. Maksimova / when he became very happy / to tell his friend Nikolai Ivanovich Shelepin, director of the Moscow-Merchant Bank, to give Max Simov’s bills and accept as many other house bills, such as: V.S. Khilina or Brothers. Rylovs from Petro Pavlovsk, then we will gladly consider Voskovsky. Merchant_______1297_______the bank is all Maximovskiye, and if only Maximovskiye is used - you should take into account calculations in the Moscow Merchants Bank, as well as in them and in Vyatka each bank should be considered an excess credit. Spoke, or not N.V. Maximov about this with N.I. Shelepin), but in fact, annually the Moscow Merchant Bank got away from us, taking into account home bills under Maximovskys at 50%, i.e. if you present Maximov bills for 80,000 p. and a thousand to 60-70 others, then N.I. Shelepin to select 40,000 different house bills and all Maximovskie, saying that * these are 120,000 p. we will take into account now, but excess while you keep at home; if you are still Maksimovskie, then imagine these again. "So in the next fairs I already knew ahead how many would be accepted, and I didn’t offer any extra ones. For the next years I’ve already had a fair from E Vyatka ѣzdil through Petersburg and from St. Petersburg .V. Maksimov. On the whole day we stayed in Moscow, each went on their own affairs, and breakfast, pre-arranged, at 1 o’clock in the afternoon, appeared at the Great Moscow Hotel or at the Hermitage, and his customers and friends also passed it by. - Konstantin Petrovich. Bakhrushin, Andrei Nik. Proskuryakov and A. A. Portion again with two sons who were surprised to see me annually as a company with M. Maximov’s visit. Finally, Muscovites asked him frankly why he was not only a commercial friendship, but also private friendship is constantly maintained with P.A. Vakhrushev. V. Maximov rejected: "Of all the Vyatka people, I respect Trifon Mikhailovich Laptev and Peter Alexandrovich Vakhrushev most of all. Only these two of the Vyatka breeders, in my opinion, are straightforward, honest and unsophisticated people, and then Peter Alek is dark. there is_______1298_______LTgood sons and daughters, and I have a bride and groom Chi; it is possible that we are still related. Then we at the tanning market will show ourselves no worse than your Nikolai Egorovich Orlov. Although now neither Vakhrushev nor T. Laptev are going to bow to yours. The Orlovs, who, out of all the rest of the tannery, have lost the last juices, will soon have a rest, see if they will remain. "Indeed, the main Moscow leather merchant N.E. Orlov bought at the fair and all year round The leather goods in all kinds, including the whole horse, were always pressed for cash, pressed tightly and, no matter how much the purchase, when calculating, issued treasury seriey with cut coupons for six months ahead, or credit money, but with a 2% discount But when the Quartermaster’s deliveries were not approved for a long time, and the contractor’s goods were ready for cutting, the payment terms for raw materials purchased by credit were suitable. Contractors were not able to take money at least temporarily for bills or goods in banksѣ, to bring goods to Moscow and the whole and leathers and for nothing to sell to N. Orlov for cash. Thanks to this, for the most part almost all Wahra Shevas broke up, but fortunately, our company never resorted to such help from Orlov, and always found an opportunity to dodge through banks with friends. V. 1912, the year all contractors had a loss-making year. for lack of sales and great competition, prices for deliveries to the Quartermaster_______1299_______P.Frpaid contractors for the delivered goods. All contractors took into account receipts from banks, ranging from 60 to 80%, receiving a quick loan loan. Banks have already accumulated such receipts for a few million rubles from all contractors. Banks have already begun to declare to all contractors that they will soon be unable to take into account all receipts. I recommend that all contractors bother with the government and insistently ask them to expedite the payment of receipts for the delivered goods, otherwise they will result in general collapse.Passing through Vyatka to the Nizhny Novgorod Fair, V. Peter Burg, I was in Russian / foreign. bankѣ, talk with the rector Mikhail Alexandrovich. Krilchevskyѣ. He was strongly warned that all Vyatka suppliers would at least send a request to the Minister of War and the Minister of Finance for payments, otherwise there would be a general collapse. Prikhan at the Nizhny Novgorod Fair, I talked about this at Laptev mi, p. Dolgushinin and others. They rejected the idea that something needs to be done, after the fair we went all to St. Petersburg. and collectively we’ll work. In the first half of August, the Prime Minister attended the Nizhny Novgorod Fair, the Prime Minister, he was also the Minister of Finance, Vladimir Nikolayevich Kokovtsev. .The chairman of the fair committee, Arkady Mikhailovich Salazkin, invited all the prominent merchants of the fair to the main house, a large hall to get acquainted with the prime minister. and express to him his good wishes and all the needs of the commercial and industrial class, gathering for the fair from all over Russia. I, as a member of the accounting committee, also received an invitation to this meeting.I AM_______1300_______ From the merchants, we’ve set up a general meeting for the premiere of Mini Stroke and all those gathered in quantities of up to 300 people.Before the end of the rite, after the reign of the Sovereign, and so on, the presiding Ar. 1. Salazkin. steel read ed. Kokovtsevѣ his memo, as if in a voice. The All-Russian Famous Merchants, emphasizing the importance of commerce and industry in the state budget, applied for and exchanged the merchants of all of Russia to the government for all the benefits and assistance for the development of all of Russian trade and industry, andin particular, the Nizhny Novgorod Fair, as well as both devices of the Nizhny Novgorod Exhibition again and the visit of the Sovereign Emperor. But since ѣ A.I. Salazkin, because of his political conviction, was not a cadet, he could not resist the end of the note and added that the All-Russian merchants were hoping and waiting for their own !! onarch of political freedom for the merchant class. A fairly common, long and distinct word was said by V.N. Kokovtsevѣ: "For all the commercial and industrial needs of the merchants about the development of trade throughout Russia and about the Industry in general, and in particular at the Nizhny Novgorod Fair, with all my sympathies and full support, I offer you the opportunity to appreciate that I will be on the side of the All-Russian merchants. But I would like to express the arrangement of the exhibition and the sale of the house of the Sovereign Emperor in Nizhny Novgorod, I can’t connect my opinion with a sheep in the voice of the merchants and don’t give any support; I believe that the merchants themselves didn’t think in detail, It is a complex issue, and kakѣ is difficult to achieve, and what it will cost, what you need to op_______1301_______organize the protection and equip all the appropriate view. worthy of a monarch, and only so that the All-Russian cuisine could express their wishes for political freedom. I believe that this is not practical, for this there are popular representations: the State Duma and the State Council. Many of Vasya, as I know, consist of a folk dance and chosen ones. And indeed, A.M. Salazkin was also a member of the State Duma. After the end of the meeting and to Fe, Kokovtsev, having thanked everyone, told the Chairperson that those who have a special personal urgent business for him, he can take them to his office. The governors sent him to the office, but didn’t enter the office, he remained at the door. / This is not true anymore. The auspices, and his deputy, for the tail of Byl was already elected to the State Duma, and then. being a minister. Several people separated behind the Kokovtsevs in order to personally talk about their own lives alone in the room. I regretted that I had a chick in a row with me - it would be nice to take this opportunity to talk about speeding up the payment of the Quartermaster. for accepted boots and other uniforms. But still I decided to go to Kokovtsev alone. and without any preparatory report writing and without digital material. Suitable for the cabinet doors. The governor says that it is impossible to disturb His Excellency in different ways, especially in small things, for he is useless - he is already tired and he cannot remember all the small things. I didn’t have time to turn over anything to the Governor, as the directors of the military-uniform factory went out of the box: “Akt.sobschestva Mandel-Raits”, Devѣ Moiseevich Raits. Upon seeing._______1302_______ me, he said on the go: “Here’s ORL, that you’re going too: don’t ask for speed of calculations. Quartermaster ством Governor ѣ said ѣ:“ Go, it’s your turn, but try not to delay it for a long time. ”| I went into the office . V.N. Va hrushev. "I handed him my business card and said:" I’ll take your time to worry Your Excellency in view of the critical situation, having created at all suppliers the Intent for not paying the Quartermaster’s money. breeders' uniforms handed over to the treasury by breeders. They have already been paid for approximately six months, the Treasury is not paid the Quartermaster appropriations. Until now, supplier breeders have pledged Quarterly receipts to banks, although not in full, but lately banks have warned that they cannot endlessly subsidize Quarterly receipts. If this continues, the collapse is inevitable: all suppliers expect complete bankruptcy, which has already partially begun with us in the Vyatka governorate and. * V.N. Kokov, the foreman calmly listened to me to the end, took a memorial book from the table, wrote something down and put my card there, saying: Before you with the same petition, Moscow Chik in a row; I am outraged at how the military could delay payments, referring to the fact that there is no credit for the loan when they have ten million last year's total credit for the military. Be calm, money will not be for all Quartermaster suppliersoneN._______1303_______slowly paid. I thanked and gone.After 8-10 days, Trifon metro Laptev received from St. Petersburg and Dm. Iv.Filippova telegram that the Treasury paid to the banks and all contractors for all quartermaster. receipts -Yam and Pro until Lhayѣ pay the new receipt without delay. You were all at once surprised.Trifon fі. Laptev in I912 water, also on the recommendation of Vyatka from Vladimirov Ivan Shchelkov, was invited to the accounting committee of the Nizhny Novgorod fair committee, and together we went daily to the committee. When Trifon 11. found out that I had been on the round of the fair committee at Yokovtsev Street and had long visited. Chokovtsev’s office should plead for all Vyatka contractors for payments of money from the Quartermaster, as a result of which they expressed regret: “I didn’t know that you would go round and you would personally petition before you let me know you wouldn’t. dopadil .. "I denied that" I myself went to the party impromptu, thought that you would also be there among the members of the accounting committee, and as regards the petition, I had no thought and no note was prepared, with what and usually the intercessors are to to ministers B; only after a talk, Salavkin said that the minister was taking his cabinet on urgent matters, then I regretted that no one, Vyatsky and the suppliers had discussed this issue, had not prepared a collective motion and impromptu decided to go alone. By the way, before me Minister D.M. Raits came to me; I filed a motion on the same issue from the Moskovsky district. "60ml adi: Akoabout 2.4 8 ah?_______1304_______ I have eaten with the Laptevs, Zonovѣ and Dolushushin, as in Yar Mark, so and in Vyatka, the most friendly relations have been established. At the Nizhny Novgorod Fair, I often went with my wife and always took children. Sometimes I drove away to the fair through Petersburg alone, and my wife went to the ship straight to the fair with my children, and then on August 15th, when I began my studies at school, I returned home with my younger children, who had to be with me. On August 15th to begin school studies. While my wife and I were at the fair, we all had a dinner at our hotel, took a cook who came to the hotel’s common kitchen exclusively for us, and bought food from the factory every year, which we brought home from the factory every day. office boy, special for small and senior. He also went to the bazaar during the daytime for livelihoods and a lively fish farm at the window near the Ploshkognago bridge for live sterlet and crayfish. But sometimes we often met with a company. Dolgutins, Rylovs, or Club Ukts vyotts Peter. Paul. on the Volga steamers, on the open terrace of the steamer, drink a glass of vodka from the ice and have a bite of fresh grained caviar and balyk, which were brought on ice from Astrakhan to the same steamer. We ourselves provided such pleasure almost every Sunday after the last weekdays, especially all those who arrived at the fair with their wives. Breakfast on the shipѣ, we all ѣҳali in ѣ Nizhny Novgorod. on the mountain and there., on the slope, on those sections of the restaurant nad Volga River, they sat down by the company, drank tea and admired the view of the Nizhny Novgorod Fair, the river Volga and Oka and the shipping company and wharf of the other river. In the evening, sometimes, the whole company has a theater or a circus or the main_______1305_______I’m listening to music and then having dinner with her company, or having a dinner with her, having arranged a general dinner with dumplings, and sometimes they put on a special ѣ there are dumplings ѣ restaurant in Pesky. which at the fair was famous for dumplings and trading of logs for three rubles per hundred boiled chicken ѣ brothѣ, and for svar nyv in plain water ѣ two rubles per hundred. But we preferred to make dumplings more in our hotels with our family.Alexander II. Dolgushin with his wife and Peter. Pavlovich. The club at the same time lived in the same hotel with us and often arranged common dumplings, since they loved all of them and loved them all the more. Ah .. Dolgushin. Erena II.II. The Ukova Club, Zinaida Dmitrievna, having seen for the first time that our sons Vikentiy rolls one hundred for dumplings and helps to make dumplings, states that "men make dumplings - I won’t." Vikentіy sm surprisedөdeclare: “What are you, Zinaida Dmitrivna; I, in fact, before washing my hand shook soap .. "And her husband., Petr Pavlovich, and. A. Dolgushin told her:" And how are you in hotels. Eat those all. There are female cooks, men prepare everything. * She, having thought, rejected: "And you are right, and you, Vincent Petrovich, thank me. * When you started to make the following general dumplings and Vincent didn’t come to the beginning of cooking for some reason, Z. Elaba said:" Why today is not Vikentіya Petrotich. i'm bea. I won’t make dumplings, without it it’s boring and quiet to go. "When we are in the Nizhny Novgorod Fair we have no more than 8 days, we don’t make hotel rooms, but we go and give all the hotel to Russia, and we always have our hotel there the company at one o'clock in the afternoon was left like this: to Ivan I. Laptev, A. III._______1306_______tire, p.p. club Ukov, n.p. Rylov and many others. And their trifon. Daptөvѣ was in a quarrel with Ivan Ignatievichөmѣ Laptevѣ and didn’t sit down to share with the general company. But sometimes, right from the bank, after the accounting committee, we walked together with him and sat down at the next table, or they called for me at the hotel and 8 had to eat breakfast, but with. we don’t have to sit down so much with Ivan. Ignatievich .. Once. we arrive at the hotel Rossiya a bit late. Our whole company is sitting at a large table. They began to cuddle, propose and nam sit with them. I say: "I can’t, I am a guest today, and Trifon them. saidѣ:" I was ordered by phone to leave a small table for two and a hodgepodge and stewing sturgeon - it’s not convenient to -. frequently change the order. "and blinked to Nikolai P. Rylov. He guessed what was wrong and said:" Of course, it’s inconvenient, just punished by phone, so you have to keep your word. * {{according to the investigation Rylov ~ reconciled Nikolai Pavlovich Trifon 4. s. Ivan Ignatievich and everyone began to travel again as a common cook - pan.V. Vyatka, after the accounting committee, from the State Bank, we often, especially the summer, went with. The Laptevs will be sent to the Aleksandrovskiy Sad, on the shore, to the club, having previously warned. by phone, so that they could get the best sterlet alive in the garden and cook boiled sausages and sautéed fried chicken. Sometimes they took away in haste to have breakfast and the manager Vladimi RA Ivanovich Shchelkova, and in winter almost every Thursday, Tryphon. Mic. Laptevѣ, after the accounting committee, breakfast hal ki Kozmѣ Ignatievich Pate_______1307_______wu and almost forcibly every timeѣ. Tazzil me, as well as V.I. Schelkova. I was pleased when Kal with us and V.I. [өlkovѣ, because he, as an official in the public services, was not detained for a long time, and with him I was quickly released. Sometimes A.II. Dolgushin took me and V.I. Shchelkova kabѣ # autracat. Personally, I don’t bring any of them to my apartment in Vyatka for breakfast, and if sometimes, I don’t. in turn, treated them. breakfast, either in a "club", or invited to "see" in. sat on obdѣ and all I have had ѣ satѣ on obdѣѣ is not a few times. . In .. Nizhny Novgorod Fair in 1912, in the first polo of wine in August, Pyotr Vasilyevich. Vakhrushev, having quickly sold wool and all private goods, and having received all payments in personal money, on the 8th to present to the fair state bank, takes into account the friendly bill of his cousin, Mikhail Alexandrovich Shubin. I was in the accounting committee, ho rya me tgr. Vasilievich did not warn and did not ask, but when the manager N.I. Polyansky read reest rѣ, then look at me. I am sure that I know the bearer and the issuer of the issuer, for this amount of 2,000 rubles the bill of exchange / both parties are creditworthy. But it didn’t occur to me to doubt that it takes into account so early and that such a small amount. The supervisor and the supervisor signed, handed over the report and I signed the first one and everyone sitting next to me, and so on. Two days have passed. We sit all in the accounting committee of the State Bank. When walking Yaroslavl merchants, candy manufacturer. Wahram and tells that he ѣ an outrage to the Vyatka merchant I. A. Shubin sweets for two thousand rubles, and Shubin gave to I.V. Vakhrushevthem_______1308_______. a bill with a request to take into account for him a bank for payment for the confession. Vakhrushev yesterday morning took into account, having received money, Shubi did not pass the money, went in centuries. number, took luggage, boarded the boat and left in Vyatka. Shubinpritsel to many, annulled. Roval purchase konfektѣ and also ѣhal vѣ Vyatka.. Manager N.P. Polyanskiy said nothing, didn’t say anything, I didn’t pay too much attention to this, I think that there was some minor misunderstanding between the cousins, their small accounts, which they themselves sorted out and liquidated. Before. the end of the fair came to many. Semen Fedorovich Laptev, about the power to facilitate accounting at the State Bank.The next day we come to the accounting committee. Trifon. Laptөv come up to me and say: * I had a tick yesterday. Paul. Rylov and Semen Fedorovich Laptөv, both pros. or to support and hold it today. How do you look at this. "I was thankful that Semen F. Schultt asked me to support me, but I publicly supported, but I didn’t see Nikolay Pav. Rylov, maybe I’ve taken the lead, yes. I’m not stuck, but I I believe that they should support him. Tryphon them. Laptev said: "I communicated with both of them, I believe that you will not refuse to support." I rejected: Fil: “Once you have generalized, I will definitely support it.“ During the meeting of the Manager, read out 20,000 rubles in the business district of Rylov, look at Laptev and me. Tryphon them. Laptev said: “ Dermally. " The administrator signed the registry and filed with the first Tryphon and. Laptev; heѣ, having signedӣ, before many; I sign - salѣ and pass it to the “sitting members”. Then, in the same turn, it was 10,000 rubles to register F. Laptev's seeds for seeds. After six months it turned out that Semen F. Laptev_______1309_______ I took out the bills of exchange, and the brothers Nikola and Tetra Vasilievi chi Vakhrushevs on August 19I of the second year of 19I stopped wickerwork, didn’t pay anyone, and this bill of M. A. Shubin, taken into account at the fair for ubin. They didn’t give the money to him, the karma nivѣ themѣ themselves. Shubin also didn’t, on time, redeem the bill and protested. Nikolay Pav. Rylovѣ and ѣsnikov went bankrupt after the Irbit Fair, since, in view of the general crisis, there was no one to support them in banks, in Irbit, there were bank loans, and in private loans Nikolay Pav. Snarling was a great friend to Ilavlom Abramovich. Tonkonogovym, in whom Rylov and Snikov used a large loan. And this time. and P.A. Tonkonogov not supported N.P. Rylova, cool to cut credit. In the Irbitsky Fair, protests of bills against the firm Rylov and Lsnikov began. Thus, they did not redeem them and bills, which, with the assistance of T.M. Lapteva and me were taken into account in the Ninegorodskiy Yar vintage branch of the State Bank. But we were calm, knowing that we were for foreign bills of money. demand not blow.Back in 1912, at the Nizhny Novgorod Fair, I met by chance with the Moscow Moscow leather merchant Ivan. Gerasi - Dovichem Gerasimo oum, with whom ѣ earlier, when I was a boy - com in Doskѣ, I was xopollo familiar ѣ and always belonged to I.G. Gerasimov, with great respect, considered it a great honor to go to Goryunov’s tavern to drink a tea together. for the two mane.Riding at the fair to eat it, I respectfully ate greeted him. They look at me and say: "De is Peter Alec_______1310_______ .. sandrovichѣ; as soon as I forgot and found out, as if you had come to my shop in a tanned fur coat for a long time and we went to Goryunov for two-billed tea to drink. And now, I heard that you are sitting in the main house, the accounting committee of the State Bank, along with our Moscow merchants. Look at what honor you have achieved, I am happy for you, God bless you, I know everything Vasya for a long time, I didn’t go with your father and uncle for 20 kopecks. to drink a tea. But no one evi Wahrush left was worth such an honor. This is for our brother, a merchant, in vast. State Bank's accounting committee, it’s a great honor, and you cherish this, try to keep this place and do not mark yourself at all. I heard that you and Vyatka in the State Bank use good. authority .. "I thanked him for his good memory and good wishes. I think for myself: why can I compromise myself, I don’t take bribes from anyone for the fact that if I support anyone, and I don’t give anyone any bribes earlier. yes, but everything is done by acquaintance and the verse is kindly written.On June 1913, the Nizhny Novgorod Fair, Vakhov’s visit to Trifon M. Laptev. He said: “I didn’t receive an invitation to the State Bank, but I don’t wait for an invitation, rof: demѣ vmѣstѣ. * I’m from it:“ I didn’t receive it, but let's goойд not during the accounting committee, but earlier, before people, just to see the managerѣ, as if to see him .. "Reveal the inscription in the bank, both business cards were filed. Nasi alternately, one at a time, invite to the office. First Tryphon them. Laptevi came in, after about 5-10, went out all reddened and said: “Get out of the committee. Go,:Ate_______1311_______ rolyato and youѣ it is the same to stand.? I go. Managing N.P. Polyanskiyya pretty hello to me, but still invited me to say, "You last year. We recommended that you take into account Shubin's bill. From the brothers. N. and P. Vas. Vakhrushev, this bill has protested and still has not been bought out. You failed I’m in trouble before Petersburg, I’m recklessly acting, and according to the rules of the bank, moral responsibility in such cases falls on the one who recommends blowing and first signs the registration registry, and therefore I won’t be able to introduce you and T. Lap teva n and affirmation of the membership of the committee: I denied that there was no malicious intent on the other side, but of course we don’t wash ourselves, we must obey the circumstances .. Someone else was excluded for such a reason .In that year, an aunt from the Vyatskys was Denis Fadievich Zonov, from the Muscovites, Vasiliy Ivanovich. Okhlopkov, and from Petersburg, Timkhail Vasilievich Maksimov, were invited to the accounting committee this year. two years, and Trifon 1. Laptev один odin. But while Ece in 1912 I was in the accounting committee, almost all Vyatskie and Slobodsk businessmen belonged to many of the vatsets. ..BE Nizhny Novgorod Fair ѣ 1912-42. year, Leipzig city, Jewish Biedermann, kuttets, trading in raw materials. - squirrel and other mosses, at the same time bring to the fair a batch of raw cow cow, up to 8000 horses collected by him in Zabaika lon. Biderman was "well acquainted" with the Slobodskys - Saltykovyn Plyusninim and CE Vyatsky. V.V. Mironov. Bidercan demand or themone.R:from_______1312 _______to some people from the tan leather. ; breedersѣ- offer cow leather. They eat u pointed at me, and E.V. Mironovѣ even suggested Bidermann’s intermediaries to His brother-in-law, Alexei Petrovich Guo Zdev, who was rewarded for brokerage to bring him to the buyer, to introduce and help to bargain, although the Bidermans themselves spoke Russian well. Toznakoni Vis with Biderman. and inspection of the product, I bought the whole lot on the existing 14-14 night for a period of 9 months. Having accepted the dawn, I issued the bill. Pyro went on for weeks. 10 then he told Biderman that among the Vyatskys. tanneries began bankruptcy. It is possible that this Wahra Chevy cannot withstand the crisis and will go bankrupt. Then Biderman appealed to Slobodsky and Vyatka mosses, they were told that they were shanny, rinsed, and pre-disposed. They didn’t want if they would insure him against Vakhrushev bills, the whole amount of 5%. I. A. Saltykovѣ first said: “If the day is 10% for insurance, then I will pay 20,000 rubles under my responsibility.” Peter Al. Plyuskin, having heard this conversation, declared: “And I will take ten thousand.” ! Ikhail you. Mironov saidѣ: "If 10% each, then I will take the rest of the bag. I’ll just say through time: Biderlan agreed to 10%, most of them - to send the worm all the time, prepared guarantee obligations for signatures and insurance compensation money. Mic. Vas. Mironovѣ, saying goodbye to them, took a clerk, who was sorry for many of the hotel, but not for my steel. Elah was told that we were in a bathhouse. }} and Ronov won the bath, call me aside, once you told me in detail the former conversation with Biederman and asked me: “Tell me openly, do you advise me to earn one and a half or two thousand rubles from Biederman. Sign a guarantee for you for 15-20 thousand ruble?.siLEE 2_______1313_______ or to evade. As you say, I will make it, knowing that you are not interested in this and say impartially. "I said:" You can calmly take the entire amount, and if there is the slightest doubt, you’ll take five or five thousand. "M.V. Mironov. said: “Well, if you say so, I will take the whole amount, I want to pay for his cowardice or for his neat accuracy to earn thousands and a half or two, and these rumors about you are spread by Vashzhe Ilyich, whom I don’t lie for a penny. * That way. Biderman insured all bills against three of our faces. Slobodsky and Vyatskikh were very happy to give them more than five thousand rubles for insurance, money in advance, but mutually giving the word so that it was a secret, and most importantly, so that I didn’t find out that Biderman doubted it; but me 21.V. 24 Ronov asked me not to give a view, much more well through it.Zarѣ Moskovsky Syryevtsotsik Petr Vasilievich. I drowned, when I found out that I was buying raw materials at the fair, when I saw Mi Ronov, I asked if it was possible to sell raw materials to P. Vakhrushev. M.V. Mironov’s opinion that “it’s possible to sell, but you can’t buy them from you; if you were your oldest brother to take to the fair, you could have bought it, but you were really good. He’s heavy, pushy, you won’t bargain. . Miro told me this conversation a lot. ”I ask Mironov:“ Why are you making sure that we don’t have to bargain. We are at. brothers ѣ Shutovy ѣ Doskv ’bought." Mironov say: * Yes, he ѣ three rubles in на pounds ’appoint more expensive against. Mana leader. * I rejected: "But if he has a Moscow or a Moscow region product, then he is by its quality a bit of zabalіkalsky goods_______1314_______and always a ruble is two or 2 1/2 more expensive. Of course, I won’t buy three rubles more, but still, if the food is sold, I won’t refuse. In 2-3 days, if you don’t have a loan, I’m offered it myself. ІІ.V. Joke, so let Alexei Peter come in. Gvozdevѣ. and offer your services vivi ”to the broker, and then bring Shutov to me, as if not knowing anything about your conversations, Shutov.” “After a week, it turned out that when I broke up A.I. Gvozdev, I bought it. brother’s party, jokingly one ruble more expensive against Biederman and a few more parties. A.P. Gvozdev, who had never been a broker, didn’t accidentally, for the fair, earned a thousand brokers rubles through me through the fair and thanked me.Having returned home from Vyatka from the Nizhny Novgorod Fair in late September, I met Vyatka s. I.V. Mironov and they invited me to be in the former Chuchalov numbers, which now belonged to Ul, #. there is M.V. Mironov, and again, at the end of the corridor, the last number should be taken from him for his con ~ ~: 1.B. Mironov showed his balance sheet, drawn up at the end of the current month, from which it can be seen that his total capital is 600,000 rubles, but mainly, it is in real estate and partially in goods and turnover. I don’t have enough money .. He’d ask my advice how to be: “Learn, you were more experienced and you were worse at home, but you always dodged it and you got into it all 58” I’m going to do the same volume. ”And you, as you can see, have six hundred thousand cash and I don’t know how to dodge .. Vot, I’m going to 2Doskva, I need to take with me for calculations ѣ thousand twenty or thirty,_______1315_______Нҳваватевѣ.oneOffered a lot of raw materials cow leather 3500 sh. : someone was sent to him from Siberia for sale. We fired at it at the bottom on 24 Moskovskaya Street; at the house in the barns lay ero raw materials. Qsee, I bought this party. Vironovѣ asked to give him. now bills, and you can take the raw materials when you wish. But tomorrow I’ll take into account bills and with your bills I’ll add a friendly relative of Fyodor Gavrilovich Shubin, and help me tomorrow at the State Bank to take into account all this because I just sold you .. inexpensively, knowing that I’ve got your bills and Elubinskiye to pass - to be taken into account. "I said:" If you do not have a loan overflow, then without my credit to borrow loans, but for me it’s not very smiling that you will take into account my bills in Vyatka, overflow, ours creditѣ, but, of course, I can’t forbid, Vale right - where hot go, there and take it into account. "11.V. Mironov said: * But I’ll see if I can take your bills into Moscow, I can also take the others .." fia another day to the committee ѣ The State Bank for Management read the registry of I.V. Mironov: presented the century with Fedor Shubin, 25,000 rubles in the forefront of the free. loan. Loan from Vironov 50,000, and 23,500 rubles are employed. Administrator Lyakіңіy V.I. Click to say: "Probably related bills." I saidѣ: "Yes, this is his brother-in-law, that is, his sister’s fly." Governing said: "It’s possible, it’s possible to * keep silent.write, pass on to the members of the accounting committee, everything is signed, sculpt without objection, and I am signed. Leaving the bank, I met A.V. Mironova and said that I will accept koyau cherei.L_______1316_______two days. Ontil: "From personally, please, accept, give it to yourself, I will not leave."I’m going to get it in two days. I can say that #Ki ильail Vasilievich the day before yesterday I left on 14 September and didn’t have any races (I didn’t leave 0 money for delivery.) And I didn’t have a note for the sale on my skin either, and receipts from issued. accountant to ask the host in. Moscow to give the order to pass to the mnogo. Pass a week, I can handle. Say: no answer. Pass two more days: no answer, but there is a rumor that in Moscow Dikhail you. Mir is sick and is still in treatment. weeks ago, but I find Mironov’s house to see his wife. I see some kind of Blossky Jew hand over this horse. I correct the accountant: “According to.” What you give the skin to, it’s sold out a lot. ”The accountant replies:“ Look at this one day I got it from Moscow and brought it back. 2. Likhail Vasilievich Mirono for the letter, which ordered him to hand over the skin and send him to Moscow, I don’t know anything, but I only fulfill the order of the host. If I had a sale receipt, I would apply to the II public or prosecutor of the court, . but since it didn’t exist, I didn’t know what to do to Roshil to expect Mironov’s return from Moscow and don’t raise my mother’s eye, I’m not telling anyone. Finally M.V. Kironov ѣ prichalѣ from Moscow on December before Christmas, I come to him and I’m afraid: “What does it all mean. Take the bills in advance, don’t give up the sold goods, you will recognize ѣ Moscow without telling me and don’t leave the order to hand over the goods, I see that something surrenders to another. " A.V. Mironov take it out. 8. the desk of the office my bills, give me many and speak_______1317_______I haven’t taken Moscow to Moscow, and I am very sorry that everything is the same. .. it turned out, but there were circumstances against my desire, they were forced to return the raw materials to the owner who was sentmany of it from Siberia for commission sales. But I BE. I couldn’t explain it to him that the goods were being sold. “After hearing such arguments, I honestly lied and even wanted to tell him that he had to bolt and lie in the hospital.” I took my bills and destroyed them, and peacefully said goodbye 11 .V. Kironov.Then there were rumors that 1.V. Kironov in !! oskvѣ dalal secret transaction, ruble broke. But nobody intentionally said anything, and therefore almost didn’t believe it, there wasn’t any information at all, for there was no protest of the Girona promissory notes, as if they were all dropped by them in a timely manner. So and they decided that rumors were false. .1 | donkey Irbit fair, seeing from 2: 1 their. Leontievich Agalakov, I learned from him that in October, they were sent to Moscow on a call from an attorney-at-law 1.V. Mironova, which I had received for the measles of 5000 rubles.Prіkhavѣ VE Ioskvu, many lawyers announced that I.V. Kiro is a new disease, he has lost his mind, is in a psychiatric pain, and his creditors have entrusted him with many things for liquidation. “Look, you are a creditor; live here, you will be asked to ask for a general meeting, and if you want - sell your notes, I have other creditors who are ready to buy his notes for 25 kopecks per ruble.“ But I all the more I wished to see myself, M.V. Vironov; many of them were given the address of a crazy house._______1318_______. . When I came to him, I found him in the room. See him, he began to hug and invite me to sit down at the table; call me "Your Excellency: Now we are going to drink champagne. * I declare to him that * I do not want champagne, and I will call your lawyer in Voskva to set up the payment for the delivered Vazin Korye, and your lawyers will ask you to pay 5,000 rubles. 1250 rubles * Mih. Vas. 11 Ronov say: "What is measles. What should I drink, drink, or put it on. But it’s nonsense, you spit, Your Excellency, for all the lawyers, I’ll give him a reprieve You’re fifty thousand. Yes, however, I’m giving you a hundred thousand rubles checks myself. "11 I burst into my pockets, aglyanuli in boxes, swore: "Where dѣvalas checkbook Go tell sinks the prime - minister, so that they immediately you have given polmilli she rubles instead povѣrit, Tuck let phone to mnѣ call A Vas I nominated ministroyat trade..." Much kissing. I left him for nothing. Come ki lawyer and told everything. The lawyer lights up and says: * What, you see: crazy, imagining the king himself and all over the world, Milli onn and the governor’s or governor’s revenge. * I have lived in Doskvѣ since just like a lawyer. Vihu - and another walk, with all the lawyer says alone. Finally, many gave out instead of five thousand E - Two, thousand rubles. I take the money, threw them bills and uhhal. I didn’t or shouldn’t lie. L. Agalakov, but in more detail did not hear anything from anyone. Bh banks also rumored that 21.V. Mironov VE Moscow sent the transaction behind the scenes, but since there were no protests, and discounted, even friendly, bills were redeemed in a timely manner, then on his Bucks loans. HI! How much is not Fto______1319_______called, nowhere to lend to him in the banks did not close. Seeing you in a year. from. N.II. I washed the snout, I remembered and once told him what I heard about the madness of Mironov, Agalakov’s. Help - I say - whether it’s wrong, and why there was nothing official and 8 guest in the banks. Nikolay Pavlovich. Rylov broke his head and said: "If you already know, then, it’s not a secret. Of course, everything is true, but there wasn’t any madness, but just Lisha Kironov pretended to be crazy, I thought crazy before the creditors, who were naive and advised. But those that they didn’t lie to, they openly bargained and paid at a discount. They earned one hundred thousand rubles, and the banks couldn’t know officially, because during the transaction the bills didn’t come up yet, and they all got into it in advance, and I personally asked for neither you and anyone Vyatsk Mz members uchetnyh komitetovi not govo rit. But now the years passed, takі znachenіya not have ognes and samі razskazhet ". I told you. N.I. Rylov, that I almost suffered, having bought raw materials from him, got the bill of exchange without an e-receipt, and he seemed to have returned the skin to the seller back. E.P. Rylov’s style: “I forget to tell you about this skin. It’s been a trill and almost went to jail because of these horses. He must have been sent leather from Siberia on commission for selling K. V. Kirsnov sold koyau You% and hid from Sibiryak that it was a tribute to the goods, but they wrote to him that the goods should be taken at the designated price for themselves. They sent your bills of exchange - bills of exchange, but then these bills were also worth paying at a discount half a ruble for a ruble. , addicted through avoev lawyer, that bring to the light kurorskago Hopes_______1320_______ RA for embezzlement of the commission of goods or for appropriation therefore without the consent of the owner. comrade gra, which is clearly fraudulent and would have been sent to prison once. Then Mironov I was a different year, how to return the goods.In 1913, having returned from Khabarovsk, i.e. from the east. and home, I soon went to Petersburg. I then lodged in Gogol Street / the former Melaya Morskaya / hotel “Grand Hotel”. On a big holiday or 4 5.0 Sundays on public mѣstekh". nowhere busy and many other things, a feast go to the church, St. Isaac's Cathedral, or sometimes Kazan Cathedral, I_______1321_______ I always walked from one side to the other side and through the altar, Bxc, 41.4 l. The middle altar was agreed upon, where the liturgy was performed and all the liturgy was held on the left side of the altar. On the right, with: 9 oron vezh Tarѣ stood and!) L IL There are more military men and among them I often went to St. Isaac’s Cathedral for the liturgies, for the big air 34Nik & Ml -I'l main Quartermaster !! unaev.Welcome to Heterburg, At this p8. I’m owing a sick present {Nice day in the afternoon, I together with A.L. Long shinim went to the liturgy II and St. Isaac’s Cathedral. We approach the cathedral, it's three suitable, from the "de Military Department of the Ministry Chief Intendant. Seeing us, we bow to him, he comes to us, gives us his hand and gologr:“ R To get a very good feedback on your contributions from ”Khabarovsk. good {{Gross posting, but I rejected that it's very nice to see Ras, Pe., Okaz ... gh those lez'ra mila from Khabarovsk, from the" Governor General received on. Bb 3-xb eq zemplyarah, i.e.. the real Chief Intendente and kopіya mnѣ. / kopіya le_______1322_______master, General Shuvaev, walked around the office, apparently worried, Stopping by the window, he speaks to me and says:“ I invited you to offer me to supply you with all the necessary boots and to reduce the amount claimed for the last gah, valuable, I can submit to the Military Council for approval and I don’t want to ask for a nightly notice. If you can influence your own. Vyatka breeders to send the appropriate discount, tomorrow too. Delivery at all. You will be approved, and by the end And of your five year old Irkutsk contract, we will talk with you about extending it, but if everyone refuses to give in, then I will accepteconomic sros. ”“ I denied that I would try to accurately re-submit your offer to all the breeders whom I can see today, but do not take responsibility for the services entrusted to you by His Excellency. I returned to the hotel and told me in detail All the breeders had my conversation with the Chief Indentant and added on my own what I heard: I’m doing. The Intendan Directorate has private requests for requests for the Warsaw District and for Finland. As far as possible and possible It’s cheaper to buy anything while it’s not unknown. I was rejected by all the owners, as earlier, Shuvaev’s predecessors, “The Chief Quartermaster's last third of their bidding; they asked for discounts and also warned that they had prepared a private economic method, but the Military Council on it wasn’t a deal, and it wasn’t when I decided not to procure bids without bidding, but the last price stated in the third, bidding and additional smoothe argued. We talked on the phone with Alafuzov and Petersburg plantar breeders. We decided together that the price was delivered n minimalnnya.Esli would imѣt unto mind that there will be poslѣ tretih torgon ask for a discount, you could put a 5 %%. the prices are more expensive, and now throw it off, but. when declared. almond »tsnakhuit_______1323_______іI would have to take off almost at a loss. I didn’t throw off the RF. Have all breeders instructed me to inform them of the Responsibility of the Chief Intendant that he was discussing his offer, not to find it possible to make a discount. Again I went to inject and told General Puvay to return the breeder. But my chief, the Chief Quartermaster didn’t say anything, but since that time it has become noticeable that his relationship to many has changed for the worse. Soon I personally regretted that I had to insistently persuade all the breeders to concede at least 2 or 3% to this section, and if they didn’t want to be tired, then do not go alone to respond to the Chief Quartermaster, because through this I was impressed by General Respect, that I didn’t try as if I expected him to get the result through my mediation, but, maybe I acted on the contrary. Then, I had to personally go to Alaf for high school and St. Petersburg soles. Personally, discuss with them this question and not by telephone and ultimately tell everyone that I take off my responsibility, if I don’t go away alone, go all in revenge or take all the letters repent, but I didn’t do this and I think that this is my big one. mistake and very sorry. For if they knew all the breeders, if my insistence would have been agreed, everyone would have thrown 2 or 3% off. The main Quartermaster would have been satisfied and had remained personally satisfied with me, and the delivery for everything would have been approved and everyone would have worked for them with little benefit, but still not at a loss.3 weeks passed. All the breeders were in an undetermined position. There were various rumors that the harvest went to Warsaw or to the south of Russia, but they didn’t lie. Finally, it turned out that half of the total amount submitted to the auction was distributed by the Chief Intendan Management of the uniform workshops so that they could withdraw their goodsRA, and not from Kazennago, as before, i.e. in their contracts, it was envisaged that the Intendantry would give out to them the workshops already accepted by Inten _______1324_______the goods are goods and, branded, state-owned клей stigma ѣ in ѣ home, тен unshaven species ѣ and cut according to the official ones ’size. The outfit workshop is obliged to paint, sell the goods and sew boots, receiving only money for their work. But now the main thing is the Inzedan Office. proposed - uniforms workshop change, contract for this. year to put the boots completely, made according to the price of br.50kop, removed from it then, i.e. granted the right to workshops to buy in the private market from breeders. skin, repent by ourselves and - surrender to Intendianism with already made boots. The uniforms of the workshop did not readily agree to this, but they seemed to be willing and willing. to meet the Chief Quartermaster, General Shuvaev, agreed. The remaining amount, i.e. the second half of the total quantity procured was again submitted to the auction. Then between the breeders began competition among themselves. At all. they are prepared for sale, everyone needs to sell and bail out money no matter what - and they all broke up into different grains: prices lowered %% by 25 or 30 lower than the previous ones, with a huge loss for themselves. All of the first bargaining was all approved, but at some point the breeders of Vyatka sold all of their leather goods to Moscow -Orlov, also at a loss, but it became immediately clear to the breeders that the breeders of their current year were working at a big loss. Banks at the beginning are careful in accounting for bills and reduced credit. In banks, the Governors began to consult with members of the Accounting Committee about individual breeders, who were excluded. whether they could withstand the crisis or not. But all the banks were sure that this year almost all breeders could withstand, although with great care, they were accountable. . bills continued. ... .. ... ... ... .... . .. ... ...- Brothers Nikolai Dmitriy and Alexey Ilyich Vakhrushevna. We decided on .19II. to build a shoe factory in Borovitsa for 1200_sapog - daily but. A new stone building of the factory was specially built. Nikolay Ilyichfour_______1325_______I went to Germany with my wife and my teacher / the last one spoke German and I translated quality translations /, In Frankfurt on Mine, I bought shoe machines from Maine and at the same time I was smoking in Moscow a steam engine and a steam boiler for a shoe factory in Borovitsa, Vorovitsa, my need for electricity. Everything is new and expensive, so that the factory is better, whether it is with the Fedorovich or Dolgushin. Evidently, he hoped that having his factory and he would be provided with the supply of boots under a long-term contract. At the same time, Mikhail Il and Nikolai Ivanovich Vakhrushevna wrote out the same. Menus iz Germany takyya sho shoe machines for 600 pairs of daily productivity of building a deposit, and motor power was bought in Moscow gas-generator, heated by coal. Put the shoe machines on the upper floor of the old plant, and for the gas generator we built a new stone building-factory and also put dynamos and motors for driving the machine with electricity. ““. . . . .Since 1912, Intendanism began to offer all the quantities procured for the needs of the army. Half sewn boots, and half crocheted goods, moreover, they granted the right to participate in tenders and uniforms workshops. The last announced prices at a price of 36 kopecks. for a couple, and many, Vyatskoe shoe manufacturers on br 19 count, for a pair. This price was although not unprofitable, but almost useless.Among the clothing factories was St. Petersburg, the factory of Jacob Ilyich Serebryanikov was called the "People's Factory". He, too, was provided with a delivery of 100,000 pairs of goods from his goods. But Ya.I. Serebryanikov didn’t have the means to buy shoe goods and didn’t have any credit; he had friendship with me and A.P. Dolgushinnm; he had before offered to deliver the cut goods to him for a loan, and we told him. they proposed to deliver part of the supply, thousand 30 or 40, and the remaining 60,000 pairs to deliver the delivery to us, unless, of course, he agrees to this – Inten _______1326_______ tribute. After a debt of conversation, they bargained with Serebryanikov for transferring to us a contract of 30,000 pairs ”, according to price 5. cop. for a couple. boot, and the difference in price was paid to him with personal money and some money. Vadali forward .. Serebryanikov had previously talked with Intent and then, in principle, received permission for such a transfer. We - at Dolgushinm 'appeared in Quartermaster. and jointly with the Servos of Rennikov. filed the appropriate application. Nam immediately was over Dacha-razrѣpena: and we concluded ed. Intendanism. an independent contract for 30,000 lar, a loan, at a price of 5 kopecks .. This price was already perfect: useless, but it gave me a lot of opportunity to obt, L.ICHnogo goods. But, notN.looking at it, because of these. Contracts taken over from Serebryanikov, the making of boots from us were hurt by Ilyich and Ina by the newcomers of Vakhrushenmi, but I will add below for this. :. . In the fall of 1911. in the fall, Rafail Vasilievich Manen, reported to many that how many human-like manufacturers were going to send their own: their familiar car salesman - Iva Mr. Fedorovich Krantz .. With them, he thinks he’s going to go as well, and he often recommends and let them go with them in the campaign of his new son Vicentia. I denied that if I eat with you, I will let go of pleasure, of course, if he wants to, let him take a ride "; although" match: factories - manschins to look at abroad are useless: match factories - open "a lot? - namrenn but allbut harm: “not: to come true, if along the way - you will see: and the match machines and factories - but., by the way, you’ll wait for Paris, Berlin, other cities, and generally foreigna life. When the time came to go, there was a wait: the sons of Fyodor Stepanovich Kamendrovskago-Ivan Fedorovich Kamendrovskiy (and the son of Stepan Vasilvich-Loginov. Nikolay Stepanovich Loginov and - my dignity Vikentіy p. Vakhrushev, a. say that he was bullied_______1327_______living an urgent matter, but I did not begin to upset the trip, let go of Vikentiya and without - Makhnev. From Vincent, because of the granite, they received letters of repetition: he described the metro in such a way that the railroad passes through the city with 5 wagons that pass by, stop every 5 minutes and for an insignificant amount you go through the whole city, then under the earth or under the sea, then "on the surface of the earth, and then close to the ground to move, and then again, underground and so on. I read this letter, I wondered, I think something seems to be fantasizing how it can be reached by the railways or the subway weigh, but then under the roof .. something much But it seemed completely unintelligible, because at that time I never saw the metro and didn’t understand the metro. There wasn’t enough money allocated to train Vikentiy; he owed a small amount to his supervisor, I.F. Krantz. , prіkhkhav in Petersburg, from the train station Viken tіy asks by phone Nikolai Pai, Krasnykh at the Perstomeynomny Zavodѣ /, to lend him the required amount. N. P. Krasnykh from the loan, which is because of pleasure I will borrow, but for Petersburg I will replace my father , lives on Gogol street, in hotels гост P arizh.Vikentiy denied that money is not necessary then: I will also stay in Petersburg, because I will have to leave the hotel in Paris, and then I will eat it and I will leave Vyatka. . . . . .After traveling abroad, I suggested that Vincent "complete the bookkeeping. He agreed and went to Petersburg to take courses at Pobudinskogo. The course was 4 months, he was at the wool-washing factory at NP Krasnykh, and he almost never passed the certificate self accountantI didn’t deal with the term, and I put it that soon, everything that has been written about accounting by RII has forgotten and I will independently conduct accounting for a large fabRichesky enterprises hardly he bn sum. Although I personally did not intend to. tailor special bookkeeping, but it’s good for every merchant.know "accounting at least enough so that I could make out on my own_______1328_______and check every report. Or. to report on books the reporting of their company .-.1) iatіya ,. . . . . . . , "1g........... From the moment. Opening a shoe factory: at our firm and at the transition: working. From, private: shoes for the supply of soldiers’ stocks, many: it was very: often ѣ drive: in Petersburg for news - for main Intent dansky: Management, and at the same time to buy plantar skin from Петербург Petersburg breeders ’,“ Brusnitsnna ”and. Osipova personally and theirnіy same • goods: from «the merchant in Muchny Lane. -Mikhail Vasilievich Ma- Ksimova and St. Petersburgѣ during trading, I sometimes bought from Varshavskago. a breeder "Pfeiffer Brothers" All these firms willingly sell to usValid credit for a period of 4 months from the date of shipment. But, kupin is defined. a new batch of leather, a thousand or two, I was ordered to send a partmi, a skin of 200 ml and 300 monthly, which was convenient for me, because payments were an approach or not for the whole batch suddenly, but also monthly. But - most of all I left the factory. Osipova, because the director and - the chairman of the board. partnership of Osipov “Grigory Ivanovich Komurnikov, a native of the city of Slobodsky,“ of the Vyatka province, for the beginning: Osipov served as a boy and continued for more than 50 years. He related to me - personally very well, especially after I eat and eat Brusnitsa inm. went "to Senator Garin himself, which I said above. G.I. Shurnikov himself declared or thought that you were buying a sole, ot Ma - ksimov, overpaying him for the benefit. - Buy directly from us You will be sent every month as necessary and on the same terms and conditions to credit, how do you take it? .. Maximova. Then, as soon as I got to Petersburg, he surely stopped by - many of the hotel visited and went to have breakfast in the restaurant, "Medyad", and if you find out,what I’ve eaten with my wife is to bring the best French pastry chef. : in the street of Gogol Berlein, a box of fruit konfekt or tak_yasame sweets from Ivanov’s confectionery, at the Mariyansk Theater, and sweatІҮ.fourteen_______1329_______. Invites me and my wife to have breakfast. Grigory Ivanovich’s wife, Darya Fillovna, was always very kind to us and the guest was very nice: they always had a chic breakfast, plenty of zaku juice, almost always including blended, hugewhitefish, which Petersburg was famous for, as well as often at breakfast there was boiled trout from Nain ѣki, that famous Petersburg - fish. First time, ex-u. Koshurnikovs, I didn’t drink vodka, but they always made me try different vin. But after 40 years, I began to drink vodka, and Grigory Ivanovich himself poured little vodka, before tomorrow I would drink 1 or 2 glasses. vodka. Vnpiem, then G.I. Kotsurnikov on China - to treat him to big yain, then to red, I was always surprised by this and I asked him why all these different wines are offered. I have heard from the old people that "I won’t be able to take revenge; "Start to start, then. and keep drinking. Kodurnikov objected that one should not be relied upon, and for each meal a specially designed wine is served. They drink white for fish, and when they eat fried meat, they are supposed to drink red wine, for sweet champagne or white wine, sweet, for: coffee "cognac or liquor, but I didn’t know these orders and when we had a party: the governor Kamnchansky "-d before -court clerk, I only treated them to vodka and then ate once the champagne. Now I only realized that the sulluga of the president of the court was indeed right, someone told Vyatka that we wouldn’t be able to offer you T: for all the dishes we offer - all the same,. . . . . .at G.I. Koshurnikov’s champagne was almost never served, only on especially solemn occasions as a hostess’s name, and for sweet food, cognac, liquors and coffee were served.The Koshurnikovs had no children, but they had many nephews, i.e. his sisters dѣti Platunovn are two young ladies and two young men.eleven_______1330_______Sister G.I. Koshu Vnikova was married to the Chairperson of the Sloboda Zensky Council, Petro Petropich Bulgakonnm, and her daughter was' married, at Slobodskoy to Alex Zemar Zakharovich Platu new. -Sofya Petrovna, - The husband of the last days, Alexey. Zah. Platunov died soon. Widow-Sophia "Petrovna. Platunova, sent all her children to St. Petersburg to be educated and studied. All - Grigory Ivanovich raised and all for graduated and higher education. Nephew, senior son Bulgakova -Ale - isle State services ѣ -Zemsky Chief in Glazovsky ѣ uzdѣ, then bnl the chairman of the congress ѣgorodѣ Orlovѣ, Vyatka- province and bnl with me like-minded anda friend in the provincial "zemstvo. It is possible that through this also G.I. Koshurni. because it’s most located better than all the Vyatka breeders.. Zatѣm G.I. Koshurnikov: bnl "very friendly" with the Brusnitsyn brothers• Әta - friendship passed to him. "from Samago of the main partnership, from Ivan - Alekseyevich Osipov, when - the life of G.M. Kotsurnikov began his service as a boy, then he simply served as a clerk and, finally, he was entrusted with senior seniors, and then I.A. Osipov received awards or his shares. and began to heir to the kam. to elect Koshurnikov the Chairman of the Board, as well as I. A.• Osipov was very friendly with the Brusnitsyn brothers, although there seemed to be competitors: both had large tanneries, but they seriously discussed the factories and brusnitsnn even though they were richer and the factory had more, but they believed: I. A. Osipova is a very smart and commercial businessman, They were always considered: g his opinion: “When I. A. Osipoya died, having decided to let his heirs lead the business under the leadership of I. Koshur nikova, then all the heirs are strictly fulfilling the verbal command of I. A. Osipov, as well as. Lingonberries were very considered to be * * mnnіem G.I.Ko... BO Shchurnikova: all seriously, dulakh: “they competed: Brusnitsnnn.-s. G.I. Koshur Nikikov and the last name, a great influence on .. Brusnitsnnyh. .........t_______1331_______ Through G.I. Koshurnikova. I became friends with Aleksanrom Nikolayevich Brusnitsynnm, especially after I eat him. went to ce nator. Garina. Brusnitsnn also began to invite me! Breakfast at the restaurant • Medvѣd or Donon, but I didn’t invite you to go to the zantra, just like brothers. The old bachelors were Brusnitsnny, Brusnitsynsn also suggested that I buy them. ; plantar skin, on tѣkh. I didn’t have credit, but they opened our company’s limited credit, up to 50,000 rubles. ... ... ... ... ....Through Koshurnikov and Brusnitsyn, but during the bargaining I met with the Warsaw breeders under the firm "Pfeiffert Brothers", with Vladislavon Vladislavovich. Pfeiffert. He: also suggested that I should leave my soles out of credit for them, I began to hesitate about this, believing that Koshurnikov and BrusnitsNn would be recognized, would be unhappy that for some reason I would bypass them, partially buying from others. nos-gi; Koshurnikov himself said many things, so I would definitely try to buy from Pfeifert, because they are people. good: give and trade, and this: go ahead, you can: serve "for good. The Pfeiffer brothers willingly started selling a lot of loans to 50,000 rubles and then: increased credit to 100; 000 rubles." Personally eat me: Vlad. Pfei - Firth, a very friendly relationship was also established and he repeatedly suggested that we come to visit Warsaw, I, I always got in the way from: “Be sure to somehow get together and go on purpose to guests to you, to Warsaw, to get acquainted with all members of your family. . . When I started, buying plantar skin directly from Peterburgsky and Warsaw plantar breeders, then ot m. V. MaxiI reduced my purchase, but my friendship: I don’t interrupt it,on the contrary, I sold him more in credit, than he was more. He in creditwhetheralso needed, so kah from his father, he had to - leather tradereceived, at full speed and continued to lead it without cutting, and evenІІ her fromand i am quite_______1332_______broadening, but according to the spiritual hare of a father’s father, he is obligated to see all the brothers and sisters for 10 years, but approximately, on the 8th or 9th, after the death of his father, Mikhail Vas. Maxim rutil to establish a public company, exclusively from his family, i.e., brothers and sisters; sons-in-law for a million rubles, when the approval of Ma Kaimovsk accredited island took place, then we were a company: Kotsurnikov, Brusnitsyak s going to a restaurant for breakfast and G.I. . Koshurnikov say: "Mi hail Vasilievich Maximov posyѣ father a lot of stupid and choir oіya go dѣ lіl; but now he has arranged a family an_ts. O-yab, having attracted psѣkh your brothers and sisters, the capital“ to the common cause, this ”is his action best of all his activities and I fully approve of him." 'These words of GI Koshurninov made a great impression on me: before Mr. I. Yoshurni, when talking about M.R. Maksimov, he curved back, and looking at Koshur Nikov, ° A.N. Brusnitsyn responded as well M.V. Maksimonӣ, when Maksimov’s company turned into a joint-stock company, then Brusni Tsnn and Koshurnikov began to say that now M.V. All these conversations on account of the Maximovsk acc. Islands gave me a lot of thought; shouldn't we also arrange an action island, Ie. The company "Trading dom FT Aakhrushina sons" to turn into a joint-stock company, in which to attract either kind of shareholder capital from banks or outside capitalists, but also as a firm, I have been able to stay in half with Pavel Fedorovich the last time: I am half of the second and half, then it was necessary to carry out the promotion of the dream in the beginning "to convince Pavel Fedorovich of the generality of such I tried to speak with him in principle, about the profitability of the promotion societies,_______1333_______Val explain to him the details. , because I know that it’s hard to find a capital list to finance acs. the island, consisting of persons who are not well-known and have not proved themselves to anything. Therefore, I first started to prepare the ground, to find a bank or private financiers, and then I would finally offer it to Pavel Fedorovich. I’m Petersburg, we have, Yasѣkh Rakh rushevs, a familiar lawyer -Minich, who led our affairs against the Senate in 1904 or 1905. Since that time, we have always supported a friendly relationship. In St. Petersburg, I’ve bought a hotel and began to discuss about the possibility of establishing an Aktsionernernago island, with participation, a bank or private capitalists. Oznakonin Minicha with our reports for the last year and with our current balance sheet. Minich - I started saying that it is necessary to draw up a financial plan and a memorandum and then, already go to the banks that are looking for "prices of capital for industrial enterprises or to search for capitalists, among private individuals. : Mr. Minich agreed that he should draw up a note and a financial plan.a small fee of f200 or 300 rubles / and go to banks and finance to negotiate. In case, if there is a person who wants to have a drink in our shareholder island, then many dojan Minitsu pay a larger sum in%% - but I don’t remember how much, now.Indeed, Minich made an excellent financial plan and a briefing note with digital data for the last five years of our company and factory. Minich went with these documents to various Petersburg banks, the Petersburg branch, and even to French banks, as if they were all interested, but said that now, the situation is unsuitable, it is necessary to convey, because in 1911 and 1912 they all talked about the explanation of the ongoing war . Regarding my project, the establishment of an acc. islands, with priv lechinapital capital from a bank or private capitalist persons so far_______1334_______strictly kept "secret" and even to G.I. Kodurnikov and V.N. Brusnitsnnu and I. M. V: Maksimov: "disagree: - was afraid not to undermine their trust: toyour company or business, do not cause them to doubt that our company is not. . may. to justify themselves without help and assistance, and therefore seeksfinanciers. from among private individuals or from banks. Although, with. maybe I was wrong about that. Maybe a lot of things have been frank - but, to confer with G.I. Koshurnikov or M.V. Maximovim, forI saw that both of them are many. very located. The features of G.I. Ko Shurnikov, and M.V. : Maximov, very much disposed to many of the last ten years of remembrance: his father. . . . . . . .: On 19II, ten years passed since the day of the death of Vasiliy Mihai• lovich. Maksimovә. His dream and Mikhail Vasilyevich Maximoya considered it to be solemn, to slander the wake in his own way - father .. I sent everythingrelatives, friends and acquaintances invitation, printed tickets,., with a request, welcome to Smolensk. CemeteryThe liturgy, and k panihidѣ to go to the grave, and then pamper him• "house, Ivanovskaya street, house # 5, at the funeral ritual."time in Petersburg according to my own wishes, Received an invitation, I went to the appointed hour at the Smolensk cemetery, at that time I decided to attend the liturgy and memorial service, I went to the grave and the place to go home, because I didn’t go home, because I didn’t go home , at Maximov, I didn’t bother until the e #th moment, if I sometimes got too much to eat Maximovnm, then only in restaurants. In the churches at Smolenskoye cemeteries I met Koshurnikoyany, and eat A.N. Brus Ninnym. Last: Panikhin, and last Lithuania: to the grave, M.V. Maksimov%: good: £ a!Gave, all present, almost of all. The memory of his father and prosil 3all welcome to him. , home, have a drink and remember. There are still parents: I stood next to G.I. Koshurnikov, I say; to him: "I don’t. Calculate to go? By the way, because I ... earlier at their place, I didn’t keep it at home: I eat_______1335_______M.V. I do not know Maksimov, and therefore I decided on the last, requiem once to say goodbye to him. and go home: G.I. Koshchurnikov denied that it was not convenient and indecent:. M.V. Maximov, considers, for, resentment, he sentYouinvitation card and Bn prіkhali to the memorial service of Hee, then..refusal can not be. If it weren’t for coming here, then I could have said that I’ve been ill or delayed, and now all excuses are alreadynot to revenge, let us go with us, I’m with. Alexandrov: Nikolaevich Bar- Nitsyan, on his car, now, I’ll tell him, he’ll invite you too. "“Brusnitsnn invited me.” The three of us and let's go. . Obѣd bnl servirovan man on 30 or 40. At the head of the table were planted. sacred ministers of the Smolensk cemetery, Nearby with the owner were Brusni - gtsyn, "Koshurnikov and I, and then the next of kin and my own family.About the whole .onl ordered and lodan from the restaurant "Medvѣd". Served on the table and served a footman from the same restaurant, As a funeral meal, then the obligatory bleu, then they were pancake with grainy and palsy caviar, and at the end of the day the obligatory dish was eaten sour. almond milk "; for kissel, "they handed a glass of kotor. Mikhail Vas. Maximov, got up, said a short speech and thanked everyone present for honoring the memory of his father. He is dear to me for everything and I try to keep it and go to my father’s tables Turning to Brusnitshnu and Koshur nikov, he said: * I knew yours, Alexander: Nikolaevich, and Grigory Ivano vich, my relationship and friendship with my father and for me Rabie is especially dear to me today, “thank you, I confirmed that your disposed of to my father, continue to extend to me, e a successor dѣl. 106speak to the priests, said: * AVas, priest, the devotee is now good to shed eternal memory, "Protodiakon proclaimed and all - present, missed the incessant panel. They injected the cogor, once servedchampagne, the owner offered a toast to all guests, and the guests, disgusting_______1336_______and the owner, and so on. We went into the living room to drink coffee. champagne and finally tea. They sat until 8 pm .: When I went: home, 14..Maxi mov ,. Saying goodbye to me, he kissed, said that he had only one TN from all the Vyatka breeders, he had given complete attention to me and my family: pr- Hal to honor the memory of my father, for which I am very grateful. I will be gtsi -I personally think that I’m your friend and I’m unbecoming ”, so that: our children will also be friends with each other. When you’re in Petersburg we’ll introduce you to your family, they’ll eat them to my family, and, you’ll be lucky to take everythingk, nam na, cottage ... Subsequently, I repeatedly went to the house of Maximov ... to Petersburg. / Ivanovskaya st. „House, 125 / and в Findlaydiy, station Kuokkola, at the dacha, Maksimova ,,, with almost all the eldest children, that is, with Viken tiyem, Nikolay, Olga, and at the dacha bnl with my wife, Apollinaria Ale Ksevna. . Ivanovich Filippov, not far from Maximov. So one summer.They were in St. Petersburg, and on Sunday, they went to Kuokkola to the country, and guests: K ... Filippov, and. Maximov was returned to Petersburg early in the morning and late in the evening. ” Apollinarial Alexeyn visited me in St. Petersburg., Often and almost everyone would eat with her any of the younger .. children who had not yet studied. In the afternoon I went into Intendianism or “into banks, or generally in my commercial ones. dulam, and she went shopping at tNevskom, to look in the showcases of the exhibition of goods and for different: small Household purchases. In order not to walk alone in St. Petersburg, she found for herself, more convenient to take, always eat children, and: on 8: hotels sometimes on, inclement weather, to stay sitting because of the child, only one .. .. ... . ... ... ... A. L. Dolgunshin, after sharing with us, trips to Turkey, was very busy with us, began to try to stop, to Petersburg, but the same hotel, where I ... stop. More pls stayed_______1337_______were touted on Malaya Morskaya Street, renamed Gogol Street,hotelsѣ "..Paris" or vice versa, in the Grand Hotel *. A.P. Dolgushin liked to play pranks, eat with our children, and sometimes tease something. boys. Odin iz EHkhodym mn - from the hotel Grand Hotel in the winter, in the afternoon, somewhere to go-to-the cab, - to sank, Voћ Va shubakh, I’ll select. I’ve got a cabman, who has a bigger sleigh, so that I don’t have to sit in two, I persuaded that: I’ll go to Apollinarnia Alekseevna, and Dolgunin Kru. sit down by yourself. We are standing at the entrance, we are examining izoshchikov, and A.P. Dolgushin speak Yurѣ: * Краn, Kra, I really like you, I’m for you: my daughter Nina: 0ddam, “.. Vra bnllet 5-6, looks at Dolgunin, examined him from head to toe and takes seriously: * Go ahead as fat as you are: *: Dolgushin laughed and chased: “Yes, she’s very small, even smaller than you, and when you grow up and she grows up, then I will give it back.” Apollinariya Alekseyna • talked in: * Kra it’s possible to erase shim to say “you” • you can quickly reject it. Sorry - now. “The temple distracts: '”. And that he is bothering with everything with his bride, for which she is many. * * ............................In the following разъiсій disconnect = '' I’m happy with us in St. Petersburg ѣ our youngsters син син син син В ѣ р ° ° ѣ, ° 5 ° 5, we lodged the hotel “Paris”. Comes to us, the Moscow tender-commissioner, Leonty Moiseelich Frenkel, bring and give Apollina Rii Alexeyevyan a box of chocolate, pounds 3 or 5. Apol - Linaria Alekseevna unpacked: I delivered the box to Frenkel, and I took it all for myself. on the table. , Mih sit at the table and & '' Frenkeiem talk about different Intendan deliveries and Frenkel always takes chocolate and ѣst. on sweets: Valeryyan - stand at the table and look at the chocolate and Frenkel. Finally, did Frenkel hush it up}? addresses: to him with a question ;! Role that you look at me very carefully. I really like you: you. "Will from_______1338_______He wonders: * It’s not all right, you hurt a lot of chocolate. "Frenkel :: cox rolled around, and said:" And here you are, I’ll bring it again. "Apol linariya Alekseevna., Intervened, talking:" Will, it’s possible to dissuade so much,; apologize immediately. "Boy, hiding his heart, had to! apologize, and the guest paused. eat chocolate,........In Petersburgѣ Apollinarіya Alekseevna were eat. Valery on a horse - street, b, guards, economic officer store. By bathing there different economic things, things, in the calculation, at the cash desk. Credit card 100 rubles. She was given the relevant change. She acceptedchange, a little moved away from the cashier of the kago window, to the side. Recalculate sde - chu. , it seems, it’s an honor these igka: the cashier gave - extra rubles 60. - She again goes to the cashier’s window and says to the cashier that he was apparently Yang - they didn’t make a mistake, we gave change, bother to check, “The cashier answers: “Here you are not mistaken, recount yourself carefully.” ..Apollinariya Ale - isevna say: * Yes, here: you: Yours - given a lot of money, I haven’t confused them with them yet, it seems to me that Bn. * The cashier was amputated and said: * It cannot be, but let the money come here. I’m talking about it. "I took - from, her, all the rest. I recounted the money, okepechek”, making sure that I really transmitted "Extra: € 0 rubles he began to give the good and apologize .: “Valeryyan saw: I am a storeѣ .. guards of the economic island, n, a toy is given away II, a toy three, - horses. Harnessed: I asked him to ride in, mother, so she - I bought - this trio. to patch it up a lot, for toys; • yes. I myself find it, h $ C) This is: inappropriate .. waste, Valeriyan:: not waiting, to hear .. No arguments ,: For: hand. • Igrushchechnoe and separation, t, finally, cried., And lay down .. On the floor "Not. I'll go home until I buythis three horses. ”Mom talk; : "Well, stay - Hey, lie down, a.E_______1339_______I’ll tell you to call the police as well to send you to you: Valeriyan. jumped up and ran after mom. They came to the hotel 1 time they said many: * I jokingly said; that if a good three, then you should buy. The will is uslnhan, in the meantime "pester me: * Let's go, we’ve fallen, we’re kulim." I say: Then, having presented home from home, we'll see a hare. * Assuming that going home without a walk, and during that time he still has time to "forget, but every day he began to remind me:" When you have to go to the store • for • a toy. How soon will we go home ... "Finally, I had to . • I went to eat it, inspected the toy, I saw it was made well, the beautifully appointed and custom-made duckie of 60 rubles showed a lot of quality. - Not expensive. I bought and ordered to pack it, and I really did not want to leave it to Vyatka Vyatka. нъ shopѣ, п; 20sit take awayeat yourself. I convinced him 8 “that they wouldn’t let him go on the railroad in such a carriage” - today they will send her and she’ll arrive earlier, before us, and there the clerk Kolb injects her to bring us an apartment. “You’ll go home" isizu budenі ": play" with this toy "" Volya believed and calmed down, :: K.::, -. . . . . . i:Odin-raz on on bnl with me Nizhny Novgorod: fair. VIN went daily to - Oka; in the baths and bathed in the bath house. A.P. Dolgunshin walked with us. The last one took a lot ”and the“ bathhouse ”decided to wash our hair with soap, and in the lower end of the general bathhouse for washing, there was a shelf above the water, on which, alternately, everything was washed and washed. Dolushin turned in turn. . He sits on - a shelf, legsBUT!. . . frlowering the water into the water, he heavily lit up his head so that the soap would not get into his eyes,squinted and continues to splash with water, bending to the waterѣ, Валеріyang was b - lѣt -6. He ran up to Dolgushin from behind, and gently pushed himvlinuyu hand. Dolgunin instantly slipped and ducked in the run. St: he was frightened of unexpectedness: and what was in his hand pounded, lowered into the water. _______1340_______. . .it’s clear that they’re openly saying everything too much .. "" On the other day in the evening "at 5 o'clock; Timofey Parfenovich come to your room and say:" Today you will go to where to go in the evening. Afa nasiya in; They took it with us: * I reject: “Yes, often”, very much, “We are not going to go anywhere, but what is it that fools steel, once again, wants to hug a crack - to spend a pretty face. Or so it was very much wary that 'and the thrush is not a pity. "Timofey Parfenovich say: * “Yes” they really imagine that they came “by the demon, they’ve been laughing for a long time. Athanas јya Is ',' say: * Eage would have to go in time to get in” Petersburg, and more than that ѣ nam nowhere and not see it, “Yes, if they hadn’t called Bn yesterday, they wouldn’t have thought of going out, but they would have gone, so now they understand that they’re showing them in theaters.” “I explained to him that there are different theaters and there are different things play yut. It was seen farce, too fat and smart, but there is a drama - many, comedies, opera, ballet and opera. The opera is considered to be the best, but many find good and good, even include opera art. * .. ... ..Personally, I and Apollinarіya. Aleköyevna liked "to go to the Alexandrinsky Theater in St. Petersburg, and to Moscow," the Small Imperial Theater or the Koptia Theater, watch a drama or a chorus: comedy, but Peter sometimes - it’s bourgeo ° which was staged "at the entrance" of the passage, on Nevsky Prospekt, but went to the opera, especially when the opera went on: participation "lelyalin." I saw a lot of operas with participationShalғlina ", cast :: Boris Godunov, v Khovanshchin, v Don-Quixote, v Demon, v tsifh; 'vv? Last day he played the governor, but many advised onto watch Chaliapin as a miller, but "never succeeded: to get to - yes to Petersburg, when this opera was staged, with the participation of Palyapin:" Although it was always difficult to get tickets to the opera with Paslyapin's participation, we always managed to get this from either Baryshnikov or especially especially in recent times through acquaintances, Vyatsky members of the Stateat'';_______1342_______of the Duma, and sometimes we got tickets for a student, now Vyatich, Vladimir Aleksandrovich Livanov, who was married to Dolgutin’s niece,those. at the granddaughter Tyryshkina, on Yekaterina Sergeevna Lyapkina,Kovelnich’s clan. Vladimir Alex. Livanov bnl tutor more unaof his son Vincent, the last studied in real, taught and in rltk. Since that time, Livanov was considered a friend of our family. When we pіr іѣzka - whether in fliterburg, they informed him of a postcard and invited him to come to us. He came with his wife when a member of a good opera. When learning about Nalyapin, he offered his services to get tickets, to stand in line or through student friends himself. I was entrusted with food, sometimes taking a box and taking it with my wife 13 to this bosom, and sometimes brady loat the campaign of the Dolgunniniya and then Ivanovka was invited at the general expense, with the Dolgunins in half.One time I got married to my wife and invited the Alexandrinsky Theater Grigory Ivanovich Konturnikov to my family doc. We watched the whole - interesting, historical play * of the Ensemble "from the time of the reign of Vaniy Petr Velikago, it was shown how Peter the Great introduced among the boyars the orders, costumes, evenings with new dances. The artist, played by Peter the Great, is very well-made up: he looks like Peter the Great in portraits and extra-tall. I tugged myself on the stage very well, we really liked this play. After the windows - the stage of the play, Grigory Ivanonich Kotsurnikok persuaded us to dinner at the Palkin restaurant, above all, to a large extent was then in the first slot,_______1343_______.E,Isin - for embezzlement of commissioned goods or for appropriation of such cost• consent to the owner of the goods, which is obvious fraud and hisimprisoned. Then Mironov had no other choice, ratit goods:, \. . . . . . . . . . .. .* - In Petersburg I met V. A. Livanov with an engineer Lsniko. I’ve known since 1908, i.e. at that timewhen I ate Sukhovnms and Starodumov they requested the railway from Kazan to Vyatka via Yaransk. “Then Starodumov is familiar with me as an engineer” lѣsnikoynm in case you have to send from the cany of the railway to the towns of Slobodskoy, then the engineer can do such a thing: lapse and help to petitionby ministries or where needed. Since then engineerF, S. lѣsnikov, maintained acquaintance with me: annually on holidays, on Easter and on New Year's Eve sent me a lot by post card withthen, and when I went to Petersburg, he recognized himself in some way * and almost every section came to see mehis respect and, as he expressed himself, to remind about “myself” and to cope; Is there any news in the field of construction - railways .. and to him, on the send 'togreetings; always turned away, but on a personal• attending St. Petersburg I apologized that I could not relate each visit, for I was visiting Petersburg, always for a short time and having a lot of my “business”, I couldn’t take the time to visit him yet; but I was always glad to see him at home ; Lѣsnikov said that he did not pretend to visit and was never considered to be, but to go to many places as if “along the way”: often a former district, near St. Isaac’s Cathedral and knowing that I was staying; coming to St. Petersburg; on the street: Gogol, here and he neglects: to cope, to see and to remind myself; hoping and a "dѣlo_______1344_______,,send for mutual use One of those visits to many, and I learned from a student at the Tuteisk Institute, V. A. Livanova. I then introduced them and asked the engineer lѣsnikov when he would have work on the wear and tear during the summer, so took V.A. Livanov’s assistants, for practical work, as students at the Shutei Institute, are sure to try to find practical work during construction or during construction, which is useful for them to practically learn their science, and, by the way, to earn a little during the summer vacancy. Engineer F.S. Dsnikovz gave his word that at the first opportunity he would have in mind V.A. Livanov. I gave him my address and asked to come to him periodically and expressed that I should stick to him, the rules: “Nika-kim acquaintance” should not be neglected: every even casual acquaintance, keep and occasionally remind yourself of or attendance, or invitation. . | by written letter ... .. ...In 1911, engineer F.E. lѣsnikov also went to St. Petersburg: ѣ, to incriminate me and said that he could tell me a lot of good news: engineer Maximov established a public organization for research and. the construction of the building ... it was recommended that I meet with the engineer Ma - ksimov and talk to the engineer of the railway. I’ll go to the town of Slobodsky, and he will send "the loss and this work will attract our friend, student B, A, Livanov, I began to carefully question F. E. Lsnikov, for what means acc. railway station the access door of engineer Maximov is working ", and what purpose it is pursuing." Does it make any sense to go to him at the suggestion of our little wish, the road from the city of Vyatka to the town of Slobodskgo. Many engineer msnikov briefly explained that this is a new acc. railway station access roads led by a Russian engineer Maximovniz, funded by large foreign financiers and banks who wish to put their money in Russian business. for long sro_______1345_______*..- Іздеfrom“..Lone.d. (.ki and exploit these enterprises. Of course, it wasn’t interesting for them to arrange one or another branch to Russia, but Me’s engineer, who’s established the railway network, has to neglect the construction of such roads for at least 50 the first time, and then they will be hundreds of years old. First of all, it will be sorted out which are more beneficial for society, either the meaning of profitability or the meaning of the proposed conditions, they will also blame first of all, to build Persons interested All activities in your city should be made at your own expense from search and upon petitions - to submit a short financial plan and turnover, which is meant for transportation on this basis. The Maxim Society, having familiarized itself with the submitted petitions, and the material at the petitions, they themselves determine what they are for Having agreed to the applicants, they began to build this building one at a time, from the first lines, and immediately command their own people, check their expenses and carefully put together their financial plan, and sometimes, seeing that from time to time it was made by experienced enerom then provѣrki not immediately dѣlayut and vѣryat this engineer who proizvodil izyskanіv. In any case, you should take advantage immediately to get acquainted with the management of this island for now, and when you find yourself interested in implementing your idea of ​​building a railway. to the town of Slobodskaya, then I offer you my services, take the initial plan and draw up a financial plan, conduct all necessary efforts in Deterburg, for this reason. I rejected that, with gratitude, I accept his offer and are ready. tomorrow, I’m going to meet to meet with the rectors of the board of directors, the island of access roads, but for now, without any obligation, I’m on the right side, because I can’t cut it alone or even begin to petition for it without my right. Vyatka, and, in the city, Slobodsky discuss this issue with public_______1346_______breeders or from the towns of Slobodsky and Vyatka to enter with the applicant, and also agree •with you about the remuneration for the work proposed by you on the initial deterioration and so on. Engineer F.E.Lѣsni kov completely agreed with me. The next day, on the phone, talking to the board of directors of the island of railway, access roads, he followed me and we both went to the office of the board of directors. We were personally received by “Sam Inzhe - Nere Maksimov, very kindly and simply talked to us; it seemed to me that you did the right thing and that you first went to talk to me without any material and have not yet made any expenses and expenses for them. Other . Your branch of 30 or 40 versts on the island could have little interest ': for us, first of all, the most interesting branches are in the X50-300 verst and to the west or south of Russia. Our island is taking in more interesting money in terms of profitability or strategic attitude and solicits - there is a government submission of a concession for 50 or 100 years, the exploitation of this bank in the future, and the name of the concession is easy to place ”shares Abroad. Yours is "the same small branch of oil is interesting for foreign financiers, but as it is supposed to connect a district town with many factories, with a large highway coming from Siberia via Vyatka to Petersburg, I suppose, I’ll be able to to obtain permission from the government and concession for this building.If you make the initial work and clear - the necessary work is F., E. Lsnikov, then we will not check, having agreed with you, we will immediately enter with a request for concession and “God will give , for the next let's start building and if we don’t meet the unforeseen for the holding, we’ll build everything in one year. Thanking engineer Maximov, I promised that through engineer losnikov I would sanctify him in the position of our Slobodskaya-Vyatka branch, but if nothing of this_______1347_______Solved oars ... shyn-shh ..to leave, then I ask you to continue to apologize for the fact that they disturbed him, disturbed him, and ours - for the benefit. ."Engineer Maksimov made a very good impression on me: a serious, amiable business man. I invited F.E.Lsnikov to eat at a restaurant and began to consult him, likewhat needs to be done now much further. Thoroughly discuss this in "ask, I will instruct him to draw up Lisnikov in writing in the name of the VKT groupA brief and memorial note was sent to the local and Slobodsky breeders and public institutions to offer to send Slobodsky to Vyatka from time to time and prepare all the necessary materials, and initiate a solicitation before the Society for railway access roads and hand this note to many. At the same time, I asked Msnikov to appoint the approximate amount of the cost of the initial work, so that if wewe’ll finish the construction, but the construction for some reason will not be demolished or “will not be carried out at all, so that much more, exceptHe wouldn’t have owed him a full amount for any difficulty and would not have borne any expenses. F. E. Lѣsnikov stated that he would hire, at his own expense, students to work with at his own expense, approximately, a month at his own expense. sometimes it is necessary to weave the peasants a small sum, for chopping, cutting through or for trampled grass or bread, but this is small sumy, from 100 to 300 rubles. Drawing up a financial plan and so on, everything will be sent by me to the account of the same fee for 1200 rubles. I found that it was not very expensive and we could do it. He told him that it would be more convenient to speak with the factory workers and with the Sloboda public institutions, if you accept the expenses for cutting the forest and read the alleged peasants. It’s better you assign 1,500 rubles for everything and that our breeders_______1348_______they saw that no unforeseen account was presented to them. F. E. Dѣsnikov quickly agreed to this. Day through? he brought me a short note in detail, which I could take to Vyatka for discussion with Sloboda citizens and district breeders, but since it’s not possible to send an early child, I should not talk to Sloboda public institutions eat factory. I started talking one at a time by chicks, first of all I told Yasa the companion of the whole company, Pavel Fedorovich, who often recalled MANY OVER that I had traveled in 1908 on applications for railways why you did not start applying for the construction of the railway. It was difficult to explain to him that for such a petition it was necessary to have all the evidence and so on to begin such a petition. But, this hour, coming from St. Petersburg, as suggested by engineer Dаsnikov, I just said briefly to Payal Fedorovich that, finally, I had a first acquaintance. by me in 1908 goal, eat Pua Teish engineer, Lsnikov, it came in handy: he introduced me to the founder of the island for the construction of railway access roads, and the last one didn’t want to see the search for the railway link from Vyatka to Slobodskaya, but we must first do it at our own expense. If we accept the benefits, then if the government disburses, this company will build a subsidiary at its own expense and will benefit from the income from this subsidiary for 50 years, after the government disburses. It is still necessary to spend 1,500 rubles on the exploration, but if it turns out that the island is railway. access roads if this branch is unprofitable, refuses to build, then 1,500 rubles spent by the breeders. disappear forever. Paved Fedorovich, Yanadu Shav, said 1,500 rubles. the money is small, it’s obligatory to make the survey sooner, and then we will collect 100,000 rubles from the breeders, and as a last resort, we alone will pay 1,500 rubles. Give food telegram.one._______1349_______aboutmu, so that they could press and make finals for the finals. I insisted that there was no reason to give telegrams: you couldn’t do this before, in winter, engineers didn’t go to work in winter, but the petition had to be openednot single-handedly, but from a group of breeders and together with the City. Slobodskoy exercise. I will first have a separate conversation with each other.privately, as well as with Slobodsky City Head, and then we will arrange a general meeting and together we proceed to the house. Most interested in building it from Vyatka to the Sloboda railway were the match manufacturers of Vyatsky uzdz, Andrei and Mikhail Imanovichi Sapozhnikoyan: they had a match factory that was completely separate from Sapozhnikovskaya, although they had to have a lot of them. They dreamed if they had to drive the railway. if Slobodskogo in Vyatka, then its direction must be sent to the tan sky railroad bridge, because a separate bridge across the Vyatka river for Sloboda Vyatka would not have been calculated: for a bridge through the Vyatka river would cost more than 1,000,000 rubles, but it would cost more already through the Vyatka river from Slobodsky take the direct direction from Slobodsky to the 30th Garsky bridge, while the railroad will go near the Sapozhnikovs factory, which is of great interest to them, because it took them very much to transport the Vyatka aspen forest for matches it’s expensive and through matches it’s; the cost turned out to be more expensive than 2 competitors, especially those with factories built on the banks of the river. Sapozhniko washed it was necessary either to transfer the factory to the banks of the river, or to report that the railway on Slobodskaya was passing by their village. All of this was well known. In Slobodsky Jew, uncle of matchmakers Sapozhnikov, Petr Isaakovich Sapozhnikoy; had trade and a bakery factory, on Rozhdestvenskaya Street, opposite the Regional Zemsky Council. ” / or from a corner to a corner, / not far from the Sloboda poorhouse and from the kazar. h began a conversation with the breeders separately for each.•3.. ..- -- - -_______1350_______ 261 zadis for the desirability of building I / d. from the Zagarskogo bridge to the Slobodskaya bridge, through the village of the Salotnikovs, except Nikolai Ilyich Vakhrushev, who said that we are transferring our business to Borovitsa, to the banks of the Vyatka river, and therefore we don’t need a railway to Slobodskaya, and if it’s near Boro Vitya went to the railway line and suggested that Borovitsa make a station, so I would ask not to do it, since there are more larcenies near the roads and there are more shelters for tramps, unemployed, deserted people, and therefore we have no part neither built, nor built out We won’t accept searches and we won’t accept any requests and we won’t invite any collections on this issue. The bokonn, the sheep-sheepskin breeders learned that the line was being designed from Slobodsky to the Zagarsky bridge, by the Sapozhnikov’s, they said so the road is not of interest to us: near our factory it will not go close and the station closest to us will be in the village of Vakhrushev, so we would have to carry the goods for 8 versts, to the station Vakhrushevo, so we would prefer to take the goods directly to the Vyatka for 12 versts, and by to that they refused to participate in expenses even for exploration. The rest of the breeders of Vakhrushevna started bankruptcy. In early 1912, Ivan Fedorovich Vakhrushev first went bankrupt, followed by Stepan Fed. Vakhrushev, then Afa Nasi and Alexander Ilyich Vakhrushevna, Timofey Parfenovich Vakhrushev and Nicholas and Peter Vasilyevich Vakhrushevna, finally, Mikhail and Nikolai Ivanovich chi Vakhrushevna. For bankruptcy, almost all of them were sent to prison, for a long time, they refused to show their books to creditors. The court granted the legal right to temporarily conclude them in a long detachment so that they would not have time to hide or hide the goods. But Nikolai and Petr Va. Silyevich presented a doctor’s certificateThe fact that they have a heart defect in both of them can not stand it, die in prison. They were not imprisoned. But Mikhail and Nikolai Ivanovich Vakhrushevna tried for a long time to dodge, not_______1351_______:::wishing bankruptcy and already at the end of 1912 arranged a meeting of creditors ”presented all the books, and the full balance. Creditor bnli, mainly banks. They decided to establish competitive management and gradual liquidation of the remaining goods and property. In debt separation they don’t give, ..In the negotiations on the cost of the railway terminal on Slobodskaya Street, due to the bankruptcy of the above listed Vakhrushev firms, it was clear that no one from Vakhrushevna would take part in the costs of the cost of the construction of the second terminal in Iloha, Slobodaya, nor did he begin to speak, that is; I did not offer them to participate in expenses.• Frol Petrovich dѣsnikov found out that it is supposed to makeRailway station on Slobodskaya, Sam Irichal to many and began to explain to many that you need a line of railway. Izat Vyatka on Slobodskaya Vesti through the village of Bax rushevo and past. the village of Spasskago, a settlement Slobodskiy and the terminal station, was to be sent not to Slobodskoy at the almshouse or barracks ”, but to Yemk — behind the Makhnev factory. ata linіya will come out shorter and pass evenly in valleys, go around the Klabukovskaya and Stulovskaya horn and a big bridle near the Vorobyevsky village, and if you lead the Spassky village, it’s our match and furrier factory, that is, our company. dѣsnikov and Rylovtake part in expenses on insurance. and for all further expenses, 2 damages, when applying to Petersburg., equal to your shares. kewhich would not require an amount. We can also attract expensesone..ksandrovnx, like large breweries and distilleries and... :: ::: ".. ... ... .. ... ... * * *:;; 3 -. .. 5. ,- others on Demyankѣ zavodchikov, and a resident of the town of Slobodsky nobodythey won’t give a dime for expenses: they will be on one only the indicated. vat, they would, if possible, so it would be better to get around completely, not to attractmu dulu. But the main thing to keep in mind is that in case, if, after Hu, you have to continue the railway line to Kholunitsky plants or to the city_______1352_______......----------m---Glazov, then across the river to build a railroad road bridge - the most convenient place - on Demyank, behind the Makhnev factory, and if you send the lock "at the almshousethen here it is absolutely impossible to continue the line through the river; Between the arena and the cemetery it is impossible to draw a line - it’s impossible, it’s very high here, there is a steep bank, You can’t build a bridge for the railway. I listened to the informant but all the arguments of F.P. Dsnikov, told him that I accept with gratitude, everything you have expressed, to attention and eagerly, with gratitude I’m even ready to ask you to enter the number of participants, to apply for a railway on equal terms with other voting rights and participation in expenses, but I cannot guarantee you that there will be a train station at Demyank or Slobodskoy at the almshouse. To support your proposal, to lead the village. Spasskago, Demyank, I am generalizing. Based on the motins that you have explained to me, but engineering will solve the problem. Tell me everything that you’ve been told, but it’s probable that someone from Slobodsky’s residents or people who want to tell them that they’ll be opposed will be opposed to your lady’s lady and will prove it is profitable to build a station not on Yankees Day, but in the city Slobodsky, in addition, when you search, the engineer himself sees that the proposal is profitable for the construction island and in the future when operating for execution, then they will defend and we will discuss the matter if you want to continue to discuss it. killed a bear, In vain we will lose only time on conversational. First you need to organize a group of people who want to petition and spend the day — to do this, and then discuss the details, you say that the inhabitants of the city of Slobodsky are nobody, nothing can be given for expenses, but you cannot get around them. I even believe that the petition will have to be sung on behalf of the city or together with the breeders, but mainly with the city government. When x applications are received by the ministry, and if not if there is no request for participation in the towns of Slobodsky and Vyatka, then the ministry_______1353_______ pay attention to it and ask for the majority of the city of Slobodsky, and perhaps the Vyatka governor, because it’s better for us to go to it unanimously in the City Administration, and when we begin to wear it, then we will talk about the details. F.p.lѣsnikov eat! I agreed with my arguments and gave the floor to participate equally in all expenses. Then I went to Slobodskoy City Headѣ, I didn’t stab Dmitrievich Pyatusinu, inviting Peter Isaakievich Sa pozhnikov with me. They announced to the Mayor that a case is being presented, by construction, to the Eastobodskoy, if we make the expense of Kenya and the financial plan at our own expense and we’ll simulate the benefits of this bank, and for the search - we need only 1,500 rubles so far, the money is small, but if the construction is not completed, then this amount will be lost, but the main thing Tom that the petition should come not only from a group of breeders, but will it be? have more than that, if such a request goes from the City Office or even from the City Council and from a group of breeders.The Mayor has joined our opinion, to say that you can easily collect 1,500 rubles from the subscription list without contacting Dum, privately some people from Slobodsky sign a little joke, but this will not be limited: you will need to a large sum, but for residents of the town of Slobodsky, except Ale Khsandrovich, there’s nothing to rely on. No substantial amount can be calculated through the Duma yet: I know that the budget of the city of Slobodsky should not be allowed, A. if the breeders themselves take all the responsibility for the expenditure on themselves, and the city will only need to take the lead, t. e. to give a name and intercede on behalf of the city, jointly with the envoys, the Duma unanimously give its consent cie I undertake to pass through the Duma such a resolution. I turned away that while ahead I should not forget. For the first time it is required with_______1354_______spend 1,500 rubles and an initiative group to start exhaustion. I didn’t list all, since I said who refused and who agreed, we have no doubt for Aleksandrovnx: they will do anything; I haven’t contacted Sapozhnikoynm yet, but I suppose that it’s necessary to go to Pete Isaakovich’s place and it would not be useless if we would like to have a go-ahead and the City Head, Nick. a positive group and proceed to b. Let's call an engineer lsnikov and begin to research, and in the future, whatever we say now, all will be our assumptions. Well, engineer Maksimov does not need to understand that it is not necessary to build capital on our side: they have millions of capital for this, foreign, but when applying for a concession, small amounts are needed, costs from the interested parties, but the sum he didn’t name any. If subsequently it turns out that it’s tedious to spend another 10,000 rubles on us. or 20,000, then I believe that together the breeders collect this amount, but if hundreds of thousands of rubles are required, then, I believe, we will abandon all buildings. In the last day, only 1,500 p. for excellence, and no one will regret this small amount. So far we have finished this. He conspired that without delaying the box, he immediately went to Vyatskiy uzzd to the Sa- factory. pozhnikovykh, I invited Plyusnin to ride with me, on my horses, and P.I. Salozhnikov went on his horse. Along the way, we, having traveled from verst from the city of Slobodsky, at the suggestion of N.D. Pl Kunin, drove into the village of Stulovskaya, to the tannery breeder Dmitry Ilyich Viy in. Did you offer him to join an initiative group or partially to take part in expenses on the outlays. DI. There lived an inject of 100 rubles, to say that nowhere. don’t attract me: I can’t give much for these expenses, I donate a hundred rubles, if it is good, it’s good, but if nothing happens, then I won’t regret my money. n.d. Plyusnin said that subscribedgo sheet has not yet been prepared, but he will make these 100 p. on a subscription distribution, and he, M. I. Zhilin, thinks of a receipt ... From қilina mn Pohali kam nam in the village. I changed my mind and at home and went on, that is in Vyatskiy uzd, in Bobinsky volost, at the factory of brothers, Sapozhnikovs. It turned out that the old brother Andrey Ivanovich Sapozhnikov died in the morning in the city of Vyatka and should be in the evening_______1355_______ return to the factory. We were invited, second brother, i.e. Mikhail Ivanovich Salodnikov entered his apartment, drank tea, and then pouki - they poured it, and Andrei Ivanovich still did not return from Vyatka. We stayed overnight with M.I. Sapozhnikov, for all three of us beds were made in his apartments, in the hall, a mattress was laid on the floor and more. Andrey Ina Novich returned home only on t_night. In the morning, many began negotiating the volume of the railway terminal and the distribution of expenses. refinement. The Sapozhnikoyan brothers began to say that it was necessary to attract pain. more breeders, - an initiative group, so as to add fuel to all, then a little to each. rubles at 100 or 150 .. A. I. Sapozhnikov began to list whom. attract and impose a payment, 4 firms Vakhrushevn, Bokova, lsnikova, Makhnevnkh are not aware. Aleksandrovnkh and others. I explained to A.I. Sapozhnikov that if we start a lot about such things - you need to discuss and try to save at home every ruble every day, then we will never give up or even start, because I’m happy to give Bokov and the rest are...Niya began from the Zagarsnago bridge in the direction to Slobodsky. Passed by, i.e. near the Sapozhnikoyankh factory, there, where it is more convenient for Ca firefighters. We got the first train. station at the passenger station and the goods at the railway station, continued to use the direction to Slobodsky, taking the direction so that on the left side of the tract, go to the right side of the tract near the village of Shepelevskaya, i.e. up to 4 verstakh from Bokov skago-furry-ozchinnago plant, but here for the Bokovskogo plant the station was not designed to be made, because Bokovn did not believe in the implementation of the railway. turnovers and participation in expenses were refused. But when they saw that refinement was underway and that it was possible that the “little meal” would be built, they began to feel that they had refused, they began to discuss whether it was impossible to join this partnership now and to conduct a railway trip closer to their factory and make a special station for their factory. In the city of Slobod, the house of Bokov N.I., Petr Petrovich Popov, who was married to his daughter Nick, Yves, Bokov, i.e. to the sister of the television factory breeders -Iva - to and Alexander Nikolayevich Bokoinkh. One of them, i.e. the eldest - Ivan Nick, Bokov began telephone negotiations from his plant to call P.P. Popov and Slobodskoy, asking Popov, as the public Sloboda City Council, that he was aware of the upcoming construction of the railway. branches on Slobodskaya. Is it possible, when considering this issue, a settlement,. State Duma to declare in order to lure even the participation of the Bokovs and, if possible, to draw a line closer to our team and to make a stop closer to us. -zokzal. If indeed w / l. line to see, then the closest second from us will be at Vakhrushenkh or at the Sapozhnikovs, it's 8 or 12 versts. P.L. Lolon rejected that while the Duma hadn’t brought up this issue, it was not necessary for money to find money from the city, as long as everything was sent by private individuals, for them. At the end of the isis kan_ya, if there is an opportunity and a yangoda for execution to carry out this railway_______1356_______we consider it necessary. save Alexandrov for further, larger expenses. So we attract Slobodskoe City Administration. We find that the costs of the loss are premature, for this question - - the City Head would have to go through Dusіya postanoyalenіya,because without the resolution of the Duma, no allocation of the City Head can be made at the public-city account, but the amount is required as well. Small, then n.D.PlusHAHh prefers the due schooling in the city to collect the costs. among the peasants according to the subscription list and - he - has already begun these teams. I hope that the Mayor of N.D.Plyusnin pick up the third part of the required sum, i.e. 500 rubles. - I take it upon myself to deposit on. Zns kanie eat F, P. Lѣsnikovym in half, and if: he refuses, then I will bring one from our company 500 rubles. and Bn, brothers Salozhnikov, ot.make 500 r. or if you can attract someone else to Vyatkom uzdz x participation and expenses on income, then add 500 rubles to them. Thus, we immediately make the first nag: we begin and find it - in the early spring, and then it will be seen. Everyone needs to see what happened, and something is already being done, and far Hya will be found out, the total amount needed. If it turns out that hundreds of thousands or millions of rubles will be required, we think of everything for this reason and we will assume that - we paid for the test min for 500 rubles each, and if another 5,000 or 10,000 is needed, then we again take it, we’ll talk, then we’ll invite the Aleksandrovs to discuss and “share in the costs. It’s possible that they will willingly, respond to this matter, it’s possible that some will allocate a similar one, for them smallamount. After listening to all of the above, Andrei Ivanovich »Salonnikov, skaHe said that he completely divides what was expressed by P, A. Vakhrushev,I’m ready to make 500 rubles for the loss now, but it shouldn’t- to predict that even in the long term they are obliged to make a thirdpart of the cost of 10 applications and others, in connection with the construction of the railway. I’ve got on suburban, I confirmed that I’m also watching so far, that ITO_______1357 _______depositing 500 p. or 250, I also don’t prejudge my share of further expenditures: dah, but I look at it like I’m dear, don’t donate a lot, but there’s the difference that there’s a lot of extra expense that is feasible for our company,min will not give up. In participation and personally, I will not refuse to take any trouble whether St. Petersburg is also on my place, and therefore, if you enter first of all, you will begin an initiative group and God bless you, begin today. They all stood up and prayed to God. With general consent, they gave the engineer Lѣsnikov in Petersburg, who signed my legram, asking them for 1,500 rubles to make an investigation and all the necessary requests, please agree to confirm, we will transfer. The deposit Sapozhnikovs gave out their 500 rubles. and agreed upon receipt of the notice I will transfer to the engineer lsnikov 750 or 1000 rubles. for now, and the rest until - let's give it up after the end of my life .. I immediately came, I transferred 1000 rubles and wrote hourly to Petersburg to student Vladimir Aleksan Drovich Divanov in detail about the situation, invited him to see an engineer as an engineer, get a job, i.e. to make out that Дѣсникова he grants him Divanov’s participation in works on poverty, and for tѣm to ​​say exactly when - engineer -F. V.Lѣsnikov proposes to import from St. Petersburg into the Viska for the production of exemptions, and to inform everything immediately that he knows. A week later, I received a letter from V.A. Liva with all the details, which was shown to Sapozhnikovny and others who were interested in building a n / a. vtki persons. Everyone was happy and began to expect that when the earth dries up, the railway will begin to dry up, the railway will begin to work on the Zagarskoe railway bridge on Slobodskaya, but so far no one has a firm conviction that the railway on Slobodskaya will soon will be built.On the summer of 1912, engineer F.E.Lѣsnikov prіkhkhal vyatka with 2 students, including the last bnl our Vyatka zhetel, .V.A. Livanov-g, s_______1358_______..and the second student, Peterburets, a friend of engineer lѣsnikov. From the scan began from the Zagarsnago bridge in the direction to Slobodsky. Passed by, i.e. near the Sapozhnikoyankh factory, there, where it is more convenient for Ca firefighters. We got the first train. station at the passenger station and the goods at the railway station, continued to use the direction to Slobodsky, taking the direction so that on the left side of the tract, go to the right side of the tract near the village of Shepelevskaya, i.e. up to 4 verstakh from Bokov skago-furry-ozchinnago plant, but here for the Bokovskogo plant the station was not designed to be made, because Bokovn did not believe in the implementation of the railway. turnovers and participation in expenses were refused. But when they saw that refinement was underway and that it was possible that the “little meal” would be built, they began to feel that they had refused, they began to discuss whether it was impossible to join this partnership now and to conduct a railway trip closer to their factory and make a special station for their factory. In the city of Slobod, the house of Bokov N.I., Petr Petrovich Popov, who was married to his daughter Nick, Yves, Bokov, i.e. to the sister of the television factory breeders -Iva - to and Alexander Nikolayevich Bokoinkh. One of them, i.e. the eldest - Ivan Nick, Bokov began telephone negotiations from his plant to call P.P. Popov and Slobodskoy, asking Popov, as the public Sloboda City Council, that he was aware of the upcoming construction of the railway. branches on Slobodskaya. Is it possible, when considering this issue, a settlement,. State Duma to declare in order to lure even the participation of the Bokovs and, if possible, to draw a line closer to our team and to make a stop closer to us. -zokzal. If indeed w / l. line to see, then the closest second from us will be at Vakhrushenkh or at the Sapozhnikovs, it's 8 or 12 versts. P.L. Lolon rejected that while the Duma hadn’t brought up this issue, it was not necessary for money to find money from the city, as long as everything was sent by private individuals, for them. At the end of the isis kan_ya, if there is an opportunity and a yangoda for execution to carry out this railway_______1359_______.", ". then it would be as if it would be necessary to start applying on behalf of the “kind,” and this requires the City Head to obtain official authority from the City Duma and, perhaps, some appropriation. ”Then the City will only be informed about the whole meeting• of the Duma, then I’ll find out all the details of the Marital Status in more detail, but for now, "I advise you to get to know yourself the engineer who is doing the work, and maybe you need to smear, that is, give him a bribe so that he takes it. the government is closer to your factory. Ivan Nick, Bokov repelled Popov that he had already met. ҫ Engineer, as they are now heresearch near the monastery mill, in the upper reaches of the river Zoniha. “Yesterday I went there myself and invited the engineer to drink tea, I tookit’s eaten at the factory, a little greased. Many engineers said that the line will recount the practice near the Lelevsky village. This is versts 3 from ours -• the plant, this bi “in an emergency”, it would satisfy us ifFor us, I made it my way, but the engineer did not say that the stop of the locale was designed and without a resolution of the initiative group of breeders I couldn’t send any changes, and what would depend on him, I made it possible to get a little closer to our plant, and at the expense of stopping, it is advisable to have a conversation with P.A. Vakh rushevnm, and as we once at the suggestion of P.A. Vakhrushev, we suddenly didn’t feel like it, so now we ourselves should be the first to go “to him” and repose If they themselves again turned to am, then we readily went to all kinds of consumables now .. * This whole conversation was over the phone; by chance, Sandal Peter Isaako - vich Salozhnikov. Immediately went through and told many things, but at the same time I informed A. Sapozhnikon at the match factory. I immediately I went to the Monastery cottage, where some work was done, Rzko spoke to the operator Tеруsnikov, the conversation I heard and my dissatisfaction for being on_______1360_______BUT.hezed. : I visited Bokov and I gave him the floor, if possible, to draw a line closer to Bokov’s factory ... Engineer Lѣsnikom explained that, on Bokov’s tea, he didn’t see any harm to the request and to all requests. Laterally, he rejected that the line would pass, where it would turn out to be the most advantageous direction, and since the line could not cross the path along the mountains, i.e. to the left of the Shepelevskaya village, for this purpose it would be nice to make a large excavation through the mountain, which is expensive a hundred times, therefore the tension along the lower plots was taken ”and the path intersected to the right of the Pepelensky village, closer to the Bovsk factory. Maybe Bokov thinks that this is a lot we send at his request, but many and without his request chose this direction, nothing else can be done. If you don’t believe one thing, then my colleagues, students, will confirm it to you. I was driven back to the side of V.A. Li Ivanov and quietly said that indeed Yesterday I.N.Bokov, bnl and about the power to conduct the line in the right, move his zanadam to him, and we himNiya began from the Zagarsnago bridge in the direction to Slobodsky. Passed by, i.e. near the Sapozhnikoyankh factory, there, where it is more convenient for Ca firefighters. We got the first train. station at the passenger station and the goods at the railway station, continued to use the direction to Slobodsky, taking the direction so that on the left side of the tract, go to the right side of the tract near the village of Shepelevskaya, i.e. up to 4 verstakh from Bokov skago-furry-ozchinnago plant, but here for the Bokovskogo plant the station was not designed to be made, because Bokovn did not believe in the implementation of the railway. turnovers and participation in expenses were refused. But when they saw that refinement was underway and that it was possible that the “little meal” would be built, they began to feel that they had refused, they began to discuss whether it was impossible to join this partnership now and to conduct a railway trip closer to their factory and make a special station for their factory. In the city of Slobod, the house of Bokov N.I., Petr Petrovich Popov, who was married to his daughter Nick, Yves, Bokov, i.e. to the sister of the television factory breeders -Iva - to and Alexander Nikolayevich Bokoinkh. One of them, i.e. the eldest - Ivan Nick, Bokov began telephone negotiations from his plant to call P.P. Popov and Slobodskoy, asking Popov, as the public Sloboda City Council, that he was aware of the upcoming construction of the railway. branches on Slobodskaya. Is it possible, when considering this issue, a settlement,. State Duma to declare in order to lure even the participation of the Bokovs and, if possible, to draw a line closer to our team and to make a stop closer to us. -zokzal. If indeed w / l. line to see, then the closest second from us will be at Vakhrushenkh or at the Sapozhnikovs, it's 8 or 12 versts. P.L. Lolon rejected that while the Duma hadn’t brought up this issue, it was not necessary for money to find money from the city, as long as everything was sent by private individuals, for them. At the end of the isis kan_ya, if there is an opportunity and a yangoda for execution to carry out this railwayA t_______1361_______ Kov, asked immediately by telephone to him on an urgent basis. • I’m very capacious now - I’ve made a telephone call, asking, what’s the matter .. Andrei Ivanovich Excitedly to say that he got word, that: N. Bokov bribes an engineer who works for a surveyor and ask to bring in a cold bus but k-ih-plant-and arrange for them for water-stop-tokzal,; on purpose - I.N. Bun himself arrived at the Monastery Mill where works were carried out and the engineer was taken away for guests. This will lengthen the railway line for a mile or a half, and thus, the construction will be more expensive, and after that we will need an extra distance / 1-2 versts /, we will have to pay all the time for transportation of goods, for the pleasure of Bokov, who refused to participate in the “expenses for research: I dismissed that now all this is known from P. I. Sapozhnikov, who, it’s very well known, and - told you this: I also like you were excited, personally sѣzdil - on. Monasteries “their own country house; I spoke briefly with the Engineer Lѣsnikov. Okalov I.N. Laterally, I asked and drove the engineer Dѣsnikov to "-something", maybe you gave me a small bribe, although the last was not proved and it’s impossible to check, but all this is in vain: many of our other students are secretly toldI’ve gotten that there is no other way out, how to lead the line along the lowland, along the valleys, and not through the Lepel mountain. Through the valleys: the line will be long, butnevertheless, stand at 5 or 10 times cheaper than driving through the mountain - where earthwork will cost terribly expensive, as well as everything - Gmѣtn resThe move on “Tiostroykѣ will be considered by the Ministry of the Ways of communication - which, due to the roads of their excavation,” may: recognize the linkit’s not suitable to ruin the building - our railway, turn-offs. But I still asked- Engineer "to make both finishes and develop - cost estimatesboth directions, then we’ll see what kind of line is more profitable, and finally the Ministry will finally work, so that • • We’ll worry: not at all. Ah, and Salozhnikov calmed down. The investigation continued, Rъ наемъ Settlement:_______1362_______izva. the station was handed over to the floor of the village of Trofimovskaya, near our village. Next, the line went near the village of Verininsky and the mountain river, near the village. Spiasska go downhill, and against the factory, the Lisnikovskago factory near the village of Spassky, the train station was opened, for the maintenance of the Psnikotka match factory and the factory. Ogloblinsko and Sokovnikovskago, as well as our ze Boda, walking in the village of Uspensky ”, i.e. at the Prechistaya. Station. Spassk €. I will depart from our Uspensky plant or Prechistensk factory 2 times, and then I went to Slobodsky to Demyanka and to the last station to the train station to Demyanka, behind the match factory of the town of Makhnevykh, Makhnevykh town I didn’t really like it, B% of the peculiarity of Petr Isaakovich Sapozhnikov to all residents of the town of Slobodsky suggested that when this issue was referred to the discussion of the City Duma, then it was necessary on behalf of the town of Slobodsky to insist. so that there would be a wazel, not on Demyanka, but in the town of Slobodskoy at the almshouse, that is, between the town of Slobodsky and the Sloboda Demyanka, that would be - kh, a walker for residents of the town of Slobodsky, as a passenger of the future railroad, but it’s also suitable for breeders located in the settlement of Demyanka: for these breeders there will be no difference to draw through the settlement Dem - Yanku. Okra is on one or the other end of this settlement Demyan, ki, and as for the largest plant, brewery and distillery brothers Aleksandrovnx, on the contrary. the goods station of the station will be between the poorhouse and, the Aleksandrovsky brewery for water and afterwards, the Alexandrons can hold a ticket to their factory at their own expense, so that the wagons can be loaded with cargo, for them or to load WINNER beer, It’s difficult to serve them in the yard to their warehouse. But now, with # the energy of research made by the breeders at their own expense, of course, you can’t get into the city of Slobodsky for the time being with your instructions or requirements. Having finished the study and having obtained the stipulated amount, the engineer is the messenger, he left Petersburg, the communication is clean._______1363_______.process all the material according to refinement, and submit to the General Railways. % off all roads with all rights reserved, 312 part of the lawsuit for transportation ”cargo - call and the entire financial plan, pending consideration ie. Engineer Maximov.Ka. - Something to do from Ha. ximovakleznacheny € on this occasion or pipe-n_ya additional srѣdѣnіy, you have to tell us to inform the telegraph,You will be in Petersburgѣ, then in the place we will go to the Board of the railway island. access roads, let's talk personally with Maximov. Approximately about 10 days later, I went to Petersburg, I advised the engineerDѣsnikov about his prіzdѣ. He immediately appeared to the audience and informed that the engineer "Maksimov, having examined all the material presented", finds your Batka interesting for casinos and puts on a quick disruption and the opportunity to let her go first, but it is of little interest to them personally, t. e. for the island / l. access roads, tak. as the letter is small, it’s 30-35 versts in total, and first of all they already have more long letters for Russian and Russian gardens. But if you insist that your branch be credited and built for the first not a year, ”then with your partial participation in expenses” for the implementation of the visit. about the concession and the organization of the joint-stock company of the island for the required capital for your bank, then he hopes all of you will arrange the first year. I ask the engineer Nsnikov in which bag our participation can take place. and if we go, go for it. F.E. Isnikov; He denied that engineer Maximov didn’t call him Infra, but I believe that he will not be very big, but still a few tens of thousands of rubles and he will tell you. this figure. Mauger and you will be able to go to them tomorrow. To the second question, I find it difficult to express my opinion or “give you advice”, this is for yourself to decide. Of course, without your participation in the costs, first of all, the Relay will not get into, maybe, it will also be built without Rashikh Reskho_______1364_______!“dov, but in a year or two, and maybe in 5 or 10 years.”Naturally, it is in the interests of Yanei Maximov. Push forwardfirst and foremost, which is materially interesting - For society. If you are interested in the fastest possible implementation. Woeless railway, turn-offs, then "do not miss the chance, use the schedule - let Maximov immediately let" build Vapa-turnaround, but if you care about Vasya, then postpone, maybe, after a year or two you build. I-relate that in any case, I’m ready to go with you, find out lh y • INHenera Maxi Mova, what kind of a question he will ask us for our participation in ravkhodakh, and then I should discuss this amount with a question Irya breeders and eat Gorodskih Management: neither agree, "I refuse alone I - not - have the right to:On the next day, F.E.Lѣsnikikoynm was drunk a lot of Boards ie o-F: 48 / d, access roads. We were accepted by engineer Max imsya, ”he said in full, all that I heard, was engineer Lyasnikov, i.e. said that if you are interested immediately, first of all to build- I’m weighing in, then you will incur half of the expenses at the request of the concession and organization shares of the island, for the winnings of capital abroad - for your bank, and we will take the second half of the expense on your own oh ... If you don’t agree to wait, then “yn” let’s put your second in the 2nd or 3rd “next, because we already have almost the entire first two lines of the queue built buildings, materially more interesting for the islands and for casinos., but also yours large and unto -sѣverkom refonѣ Ros sіi not bez interest to the treasury, I am ready to go on R & іm vstrѣchu - mѣstit her Hb primarily at obyasnennyh Vam uslovіkh. I answered ### 3 to engineer Maximov that if the expenses, which should be involved, are not significant, then it’s possible that a group of our breeders should take part or all of these costs, and we ask you to payINT_______1365_______... . "our branch in: first of all, but, if it turns out, the required amount: dov na “: so big that our group: breeders. not vy. condition. ; to collect that amount .. among themselves, then, involuntarily, you’ll have to refuseot: of the first stage and ask you to make a vpu. secondarily ... but still. I. Prof. would you inform you of our approximateth participation. R expenses to arrange. construction of infusions the first turn. , t., Bertny year ”. Engineer Maximov. said that I ". * Val has already said that this amount will be small. Take our: MaterіAl according to the search, I looked at how many there are verats ”, took e. pencil, buna - gu; multiplied by. The cost of each milestone, I determined the cost of construction for the entire line, I determined that this amount would be a percentage of the total state 2, collection of it — issued share and other costs — I said that the total cost would be about 100,000. ” rubles or not more than 120,000. Vot. You deposit a lot of 50,000 p. and I, according to: try to do this, immediately and. It’s possible that we will build- To you this "branch: for one year. I denied that I am at a loss now. Pam-definite withdrawal: we collect these 50,000 rubles from each other- because to attract the participation of the city, you can’t count on it: Nancity ​​»Slobodsky small, only 8.000 inhabitants and the majority? - I’ve taken them away, and therefore through the City Council the nickname Kih is appropriated - "Vanіy - to conduct: I’m not awarded; a lіgі is to collect L. Iv - from the factory owners,"and there aren’t very many of them, not just" not - I don’t have the right categorically + DenyXia ot. I will not introduce it in the offer of the offer. For discussion - all: 38 * -tellers, and therefore I ask "All to provide • a lot of time in 2-3 weeks"whether “or a month. Then, is it possible: from. : Vas ymѣt # l - kind of letter, out of ko - torago ... bn .. it was deliberately categorical; "It is unfortunate that the first step will be" resolved by the government. And you will be built in the first place, in the first, or second year: with condition and inclusion, for expenditure on mi and opgі4).--from.-....publicity acc. . islands 50,000 rubles, & without contributing this amount, you do not refuse to build this line, but you will deposit it in the second or third turn. Engineer Maksimov. said he triple tomorrow tomorrowa certain letter, addressed to the engineer F.E.Lниковsnikov, because he had conducted the tench so far - I have removed the negotiations and received all the material from him,. Ot Varey Fte GroupMon breeders, he don’t have a dahғe. "ІІ bush letters: or declarations and not mine.Zhyt. Him "image. Thousand PISNE Venno ob knotsіyakh, and, engineer, Psnikov ne_______1366_______TA!:Yes- I will give you my letter to him. You will climb in ВғTEy or in СлоBodskoy and discuss in: trends. a month. If I get og B &; ъ benevolent - give and money "50: 000..., then I will send you a receipt and money to pay for it, and I hope that I will start building, that is, in 1913 we will start building. For the next day, evening, engineer tsnikov "brought to many in the hotel" Paris "- a letter to him from everyone! for Maximov, RyanВъ this time in; 8 seats Alexander. Petrovich Dolgushin and HI_al all my conversation with an engineer. Psnikov when Lѣsnikov left, "AG Dol gushin Golorit that it is lust, that in reality can" condemn the construction of the railway from the Zalarskago bridge to Slobodsky. When refinement began at your place, # o yasl Vyatka, they were embarrassed that you were starting to start the mill for business, in order to build a railway. 38 account for - border- capital, but to spend only 1,500 on your own wasn’t scanned and everyone was sure that by throwing, 1500r. on Iznakaniv, et. Ima and or - get distraught. No one - you won’t even consider your life’s kaniya, and not - just build it - at someone else’s expense ”, but now I, wiggle and snigu, what’s upit’s serious and only 50,000 rubles are required from you, and then the railway will be built. Of course, it’s not difficult to raise such a small amount between your breeders, and I’m not the only ones who should give me the shame.less than half of this sum: they go completely out to the side ѣ from all means of communication and ѣ ѣ ѣ,, if you haven’t protested;Wed:oneat_______1367_______tzv. - from. I would have to "transfer karѣk закрыть or close the factory all my factory. R rejected that, which means that he looks, got tired a little differently, tries to take more participants to distribute - he-Picѣkhhold is distributed equally to distribute all the expenses for this - I’m completely sure thatnot only - 25,000 p. he will not give - this is yes; there will be no. Eng T - and - fiere - to enlist the distribution of all the settlements of the Sloboda district:so that on him the shoemaker’s palm, spend Rb: For th. And * * Ь З THESE- rubles; A.G. Dolguishin told the story; - You can’t "drive" the railroad away. The heroes didn’t go through the Sapozhninovsky village, but lay on their tanning houses, Z. Boday, then we took part in the distribution of these 50,000 rubles. " I rejected that fine. it’s a matter of directing through- SAғOEONikoҙa and about the interest in finding the “expense. x, if you don’t do anything - you can’t do it. A. Dolgushin additionally stated that you can do a new thing, personally, to make an account, if you can arrange it then pisostareyayed-edulay, gusty Sapozhnikov with his own avarice rest: No need: hell "roads. I’ve got it because I don’t leave me alone, I’ll need to discuss the following with all the rest and the members of the initiative group, but it will be possible to talk about this league: when, when A.I. Carton has no interest * from participating in the distribution of expenses, ”but because I can keep in mind your message: and I’ll use it when the case is presented to you. : “. . . . . . . .On the next day, I, unified with the engineer Psnikov, asked him if I had to change the direction — by the Nariya ”, to lead her ... because the bridge of the bridge is not through the Shoemaker’s village, but near the Talgun factories, through Ivory Taligu past Shikhovs, Bokovih and to our village; and far the same "nalіrvlenіe doғ. Slobodsky, that would have to do for this. And whether - on the part of the engineer Maximov will not appear any obstacles or new requirements. The engineer completely rejected that he would then have had to go from the Zagarsky bridge to the village.FROM-......_______1368_______. Iz Vakhrusheva to submit a new study, which will cost. not more than 1.000 p. but on the part of engineer Maksimov, on the contrary, there will be no obstacle: for here the road will pass through a low valley, less earthwork will be required, rather than direction. through Salomnikoyan. " There, the place is uneven, harsh, a lot of earthwork, which is very much, is not wounded by engineer.ru Meksimov.There will be no new proposals from his side, and the matter has not arisen: it is. When - you decide daylight, vlegramika ia. immediately immediately, sostudent: N. A. Livanov, summer - to spend time on November, many of us together, sent me an additional study. 10-15 days. I thanked the engineer. Dѣsnikova and uѣhal, n Vyatka ,. . . .In Vyatka, I accidentally met (The same manufacturer of the minor brethren, that is, Mikhail Iv. Sapozhnikova. I briefly told him about the new proposed by I. and Engineer Meksi40va. ”M. I. Sapozhnikov replied that it was bury,to fight to collect this amount and immediately proceed to "business: to the box. - Hall to M. I. Sapozhnikov that I will speak to Slobodsky and everyone for those interested. Do you think that we’ll make faces and, probably, arrange Arrangement of inits? - of the active group, Vas Vѣ, go through Getre. Isaakovich Sapotnikov, Jan then, please come to: Slobodskaya both brothers, i.e. ed. Andrey "Ivanovich vmѣstѣ. - Returning home to. Myself, the village of Voznesenskoye-Vakhrushevo, I, first of all, talked about the proposal of engineer Maximov as a member of my tannery, Palom tel. Zakhrushchev. I’ve said to him that the exhaustion made by engineer lsnikov turned out to be for the island of yachts / roads. ” , under the access roads there is a lot of fun ”, but in the first year they have already built up a $ Betka railway / road to the south of Russia more solid and interesting for the island personally, and they suggest“ building a Sloboda branch ” in the 2nd or 3rd year, but if we, the initiators of Slobodskoy k / l, will-be-insist ”to insist that the Slobodskaya nѣtka be built in the first place, then the 0-th railway, access roads are agreed to go to us I’ll meet, but under the conditions accepted by us, half of the races by us -kj_______1369_______tmoves b. according to the organization acc. Islands specifically for this branch, on “received from foreign countries. “Consumption", this they determine ъ from 100 to 370; tons of rubles. - It’s suggested that you pay in (-13 y. 50,000 rubles and no more expenses for the Neney Initiative Group to Slobodskaya, to / ... 215tk. I haven’t given the final consent yet because I assumed that it’s difficult In general, it will be necessary to collect such an amount, and most importantly, when collecting this amount personally, our companies will have to take part in the bulk of the participants and participants, as well as there will always be a small amount of expenses for expenses, everyone tries to get more gave a friend, but it would be better to bring in the same, I’d have to count, h about to a farmer, my Eight at distribution, mouth-to-eat out them. 50,000, p., the third or fourth part, which is for us So far. It’s difficult for us. And we, of course, are the first to be clear from further trouble in this, for and everything will go so far under the cloth. Heard all, Panel Fedorovich ska.zel: "You all started this - I started. And if you refuse to continue, then it’s clear that no one will be busy with this business yet, and even spend their d'ye ngi. Something important: retreat. you don’t need to, but you should continue, get wet, there are some people who can be found in Slobodsky, pick up little things -10.000-20. 000 p. , but if our company will fall into expense: 10,000, so you don’t have to regret it, then eat it after all. Many of the earlier nobility and the bbl were convinced that it would be a waste. some obligation of Helno to be taken, at least up to 5.000 p., and now, it turns out that in about 5000, eat. - it will take 10,000 p. so really because of 5.000 p. backtrackThis is a serious matter, when everything is almost complete, covered and common, to build in the first place. There is a proverb: "Forge it while it’s hot," if the otoke is for 2-3 years. , there - it’s unknown what else will happen ”, the circumstances may change and no hel..door on Slobodskaya Street will be built. But Sovѣg: immediately wire Alexandrov, Kazan Kazan._______1370 _______:Slobodskoy and energetically proceed to dulu. "I otvyayin to Pavel FedoroVich, that if you look at things like that, that’s up to 10,000 rubles. Not: Neru deers: you don’t interfere with the acceptance of% -8a, then I will join you and join me and I will not refuse any further ҳlopot. Alexandrova Petra. Ivanovich, I already Bidul in Petersburg and spoke gin. He fundamentally agrees to all troubles and to all rash, although until 10 his respectThey didn’t call KN, but she is Louis Nega, RlochNS, “S, NIMI (we chase: F_ko, R. Otwith Andrei Iya, Sapozhnikov will have trouble talking, but many: we’ll try to persuade him to persuade him, if he is stubborn, then milf doesn’t have one. '- Aleksandrovnkh in Slobodsky, now to lose father-in-law • P.I., Aleksandrovі, Yakov, Mikhailovich Snektor and tilvv gv i sie th, Sobodskaya to visit Getra's son-in-law: Ivanovich - Rladimir Fedorovich VANz Golensky with them and asked for May - Alexandrov conduct all negotiations on the tel. the heat of Horog. tomorrow - I will go to Nama. It turned out that Prince Y.F. Obolenskiy upe pr іѣkhal v Slobodskoy, v ya. J. Slektersky n bnl znіksi ". Me Spektorіy gіozna - comile with the prince: Sbolensky. I explained to them that I had no choice and I won • fill my opinion that now the most difficult task is how to distribute and collect the necessary 50,000 rubles .. We don’t have much to do, we really don’t want to have it: the railway is ready and ready to go for all expenses, but M & apos; s weakly secured and spending every thousand lines will be "Throttled, I can include myself, Frolov Petrovich dsnikov" and even a matchstick. Makhnev, but there is one that I want .. The road is even more • needed, but to spend one’s own "(e not not to love, They begin to haggle or do not spend their own money on their own so that they can spend it on another. To this category I classify * furiously - sheepskin breeders, brothers, Bo Kolykh and Slavichnik ", brothers Sagr. . zzdі. pozhnikov_ykh, but it’s necessary to talk with everyone, for this I’ll follow.“... one :. ., s ", p.:::::::::: to have them all invited to sleep, and it’s best to donate such a meeting to demyanka, to dock Alexandrovnkh. I agreed to arrange a joint meeting for tomorrow» » 9 a.m.The father of the name of Alexandrov and I was invited by all the participants of the ia: her gruil and she were invited by the others to join Nikolai Ilyich Vakhr_______1371_______Sheva and brothers, Bokovykh, but neither Bokov, nor Nikolai Ilyich did not miss.The next day, at the Spekterskago’s apartment, at the Aleksandrovnzhe’s house, on Yankee’s day, Andrei La appeared. Salozhnikov ”with his uncle Petr Isaac - vich Sapozhnikov, F. P. Lsnikom, no one came. I had to live in detail at the suggestion of engineer Maximoz and asked outside to appear separately - my opinion / on the offer of engineer Maximov, the desirability of building / the road on Slobodskaya Street, so that it would be spent and marched first of all, to participate in our trip or prefer to refrain from spending, perhaps, instroyat. and without this in 2-3 years. If, however, all initiators speak out for the lack of construction, first of all, with our participation in expensesedit among themselves,i on ic moves now, 50. 000 rubles. The first began "to express A.I. Sapozhnikov": the requirement of engineer Maximov is not legal: this is a hidden bribe,•, 12 3.. . [: (i),,,, oi. . *): such flattery I should not encourage, build and without it, but it is necessary to insist that they build in the first place, and if they don’t want, then add to the fact that you will find other builders, but if all you have to do is accept the offer , engineer Maksimov, then, you want to distribute the amount of 50. 000 rubles, you need to distribute, so ”, put half in the town of Xiao Bodskaya, and distribute the other half in all zalodchikol and bring in all 4 or 5 firms Vakhrushevnu, Bokoza, lsnikova and Me. Xn ava, then it will come out to everyone for a little, thousands for 9 rubles. no one will mind that bag.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . then we will discuss the question, how_______1372_______The second sober-ass Petr Isaakovich Sapozhnikov declared as a vile city of Slobodsky that through the City Duma from the city of Slobodsky not only half, and not even a single penny, should be expected to receive. Often, among the Slobodsky kuptsi, if the fee is collected ” The mayor, the newly elected Ilya Ivanovich Rybekov, will probably take up to a thousand rubles, but whether Vesha wants to be an initiative group because of such an insignificant amount should even appeal to the City Gol. As for the first leg, it’s my opinion that putting it off for the 2nd or 3rd turn should not be done, and if possible, it’s possible to bargain with the engineer Maximov, instead of 50,000, maybe he will agree to take 25,000 rub .. The following spoke on behalf of Alexandroiankh, Prince V.F. Obolensky that they had the impression that although a “search - no” / branch was made on Slobodskaya, it is very doubtful whether the construction of this branch would be without great expense on the part of the initiators of this building, but now the brothers Aleksandrivn sees that indeed it is taking serious turnover and quickly changing the implementation of this gap and I was authorized to take the most energetic part in the discussions of the Initiative Group and to support all proposals for the speedy implementation of this project kta, the construction of the Sao Bodsk railway, the wok. As part of the account for the distribution, costs, then * I express my opinion that I should be surprised that they need to eat a total of only 500,000 rubles, this is an engineering - w / l construction. such an insignificant amount that I’m sure, if you are going to bargain to offer 5,000 rubles, just as P.I.Sapozhnikov seemed to be outside, then only ruin the matter: they will refuse and put the Bowl on / off for 2-3 First of all, as regards the proposal of A. I. Sapozhnikov, it is imperative to show all breeders and to decompose into them 2-3 thousand rubles is indefinite, because it’s not an administrative institution, we cannot force or tax anyone. We are a private initiative voluntary sat voluntarily_______1373_______~ ~ ~ ~ ~. -. .. lazy and face caninvite to, voluntary participation tѣkhyants..*{-Cummyeat fА С g. ton gwho finds for himself -4 interest in the quickest completion of construction• Railways on Slobodskaya. Yesterday we ate Peter 5 Alex. They invited Vіrunisnym all, but they have some spicy assurances that they don’t need to hear a word on Slobos YOU; .ih "to distribute sugams of consumption, naho, discard the account. Oz'esinglyparticipation in expenses in the town of Sloboskoi, ћ, agree with the majority II, V.CA• pozhnikova, that the city through: Ңу мсія the resolution couldn’t be given by the Ter. butto collect according to the year-sheet, a sheet through the City Golo5u thousand of rubles, - with a mill, I don’t have to "humiliate myself." Participation Bretien. Aleksandr krovnҳ 52 distribution of any kind of mi-of-expenses, communication- With the construction of the railway, the road is not obsolete, although I am not; authorized ot. „AleKsandrovs ”to name this or that sum, but I can burn. Nti that: they will not mind any sum with a fair ”respectPen II between the participants: Мnѣ при стъѣздћ Петръ ул. Alexandrov; re - komentolal ”to listen to the opinion of P, A. Rarun en in this e-mail. ..# stated that I wholeheartedly join the Ankazannymi meeting - - Niyam Prince Vladimir Fedoropich Obolensky, do not repeatI will explain, as I will explain, that the proposal by A.I.Salonnikov to attract all. • Breeders: y gee. - warned: I am eating Knyazev, Z.F. Qbo• Pensions were received, they were all telephoned, but at a rate of: 0 E, they repeatedly beat them. Al, Raxgushennm, He, expressed that they strive to transfer all of their water and factory work to the river Vyatka, to Borovitsa. And, races, apply for 0 - Construction of the railway • categorically refusalsthey are. With the rest of the breeders Vakhrushchezny it’s not about Chen: they wanted to have a train — but they couldn’t participate in expenses, since they had all gone bankrupt. From the Lateral: I am in a skinny private ”way, speaking?_______1374_______t. 21*f1oneabout:T.one.,\-,:They hesitate and, OAET would, they would take part in the costs, Even on equal parts, if we were to take a new story and bring it totheir factory. closer to the railway and arrange with Fie! ialno about them for the water the station “Station, but since this has not been done, and today we are not able to discuss this at 3, we cannot discuss it yetexquisite, nor the knife of the station is impossible, she herself understood it, probably, and byapparently, we don’t have to consider 50 so far. I can’t. Sleep with all the manufacturers, but we also needed to: 48. for today’s present, but they didn’t come, apparently they think that if the city "Slobodskoy will take part in the costs", then they will bear their share of that which one is in the city, and EUwhether the town of Slobodskaya will be abandoned, then, positikodo Mannenn believe that for myself I’m completely self-absorbed, all of which would have fallen during the distribution of 48 cities, and one or 3,000 rubles, but - baby bt, they would have contributed, but had come for today's meeting with. 110 a good offer, a view of them, they were observed. Stay out of initiative? groups ready to take part in the distribution of expenses so far. many only four. # I stand that it’s impossible to lay the hell out of it, but to “rely” on chance, as long as it is, the offer of engineer Mekako doesn’t need to be bargained, give in full 50,000 pUBLES ”, rekr vrn. Eplavo company - he, Pavel Fedorovich,:“ to it’s hot, it’s hotter. "I distributed sou alu 50,000 rubles for and for the first time we are 10 days only for four, ifat:but_______1375_______absent and I give the word THAT no matter what part is palmed: Otu • hale,firmsh, hН at fair distribution -Viesem this amount ... I have sexrespectGuy also doesn’t refuse to make Frood Petrovich mesnikov on the basis of the divorce unit, the amount imposed on him, but you need +: j-cli, y s8: T ”қriқal has justified distribution. When distributing the costs of the business, the following principle was taken from us: one third of the costs of the Sloboda City Head, N.D. Plyusnin gathered at his city according to the list,Іone,onethe second third were brought by the Sapozhnikov brothers, as it were,finally, a third third of F.P.Lѣsnikol, and I introduced “from the factory owners SAә” to the Bodsk district. If now, with the distribution of 50,000 rubles, make upthe same principle, i.e. a third of the expenses ”would be borne by the brothers - Aleksandrovna, whether they were participating in the city” or private individuals, residents of the city of Slobodsky,; ат ateruk “a third if he was taken by the Sapozhniko brothers, you collected the breeder Vyatskogo uz {u, or you brought in unilaterally, at the end”, the third third entrusted to the representatives of the breeder of the Bodi uzd uzhe this case “not me and Farola Petr. Essniksva. “Personally, on my own side,” I would say that it would be hiddenand harmlessly, th “it’s harsh for everyone to fall on me, I’m willingly depositing approximately 8.500 rubles. "Also, a naked person will refuse to say so, and so on. 21% snacks, but it was warned that if you are all on the fly distributing to all of us present, for 4 honor, that is, if you find it fair at 2,500, then our company" I will not be able to object ”: nesv. and such a ўnamu. F. L. ѣlниковsnikovs ’vasel, that he’ll find it cautious to postpone the deal for 2-3 years, and immediately“ collect 50,000 p. ”And“ want to keep it warm while it’s hot. ”Involve absentee yawners as“ A. AND. Savodnikov - a waste of time: Nobody gives any mines. Proposal first, P.A. Vakhrunnel distributed it. Often, I don’t go fair and “owe me a lot of weight, but if I distribute the comb I managed to eat 4 parts, is that right?” not. It will be "a little bit heavy and insulting that" in "Petroz Aleksandrovi is better than Slobodsky to" bring in "kyulotin, eh? Alexandrovna is the fourth part of Slobodsky’s home, and Sapozhnikon’s ot the Vyatskag district — the fourth part, but still I will not refuse ”—and this is the distributor’s distribution of participation. At ikh ... "... ............"Prince V.F. Obolenskiy again took the floor and told him what to findg.:._______1376_______Pfair the first sentence, L. A. Rakhrushev, i.e. to distribute 50. 000 rubles in the same way as in the KCI, to 3 parts and he is discreet ”, which is from the part of the Kommersant brothers,“ Alexandrov ”. Follow the full agreement. A.I. Sapozhnikol again, I took the floor and won’t show that they disagree and find that they don’t have to give it ”50,000 p. If you eat to press, then. lottery #ch, offer 11ololin and all you have to do is to distribute this amount, although partly a city ”and others for water supply, but at the suggestion of Peter Alexandria, divide 50,000 into 3 or 4 parts, I categorically refuse. By the way, do whatever you want without. If you still give some amount of the final # to, then I’ll devote another 5,000 rubles for this, not more so, so that more. They didn’t demand anything from us and not even kg. Their pих. April units we will not participate in parts. Now it’s 12 o’clock in the afternoon, pl. We offered to get together again at 5 o'clock, Lecherg.After leaving the hotel thoroughly / about Slobodskaya. -Pyat - sky x / track Вѣткѣ /, Andes. I. and Peter Isaaconic Sapozhnikovs, and F.P. Lsnikov remained in the apartment of the house of Aleksandrovkh. I asked the prince obolinskoku a question: “Well, prince Vleјzhir Theatorovich, among us merchants, a new person and you can correctly and impartially not see and discuss all of us, our children and I have the following sentence, 3: gio about Slobo. 10 Noy-Vyatka r: / cp. itka. Maybe you’d indicate something or something, or the sentence sent was incorrect or incorrectpractical or insulting? For some of the members, the initiative group, please openly reiterate - Rita is a lot and if not later, we will try to use the common and corrected rights to Rita. For many people, hot and cold, absent? Sapotnikovs »frankly with you to talk about how to be and what we will continue to do, if only, Cano Kinones do not really give more than 5,000 rubles."":*_______1377_______.5 gto: -satisfaction - proposal ', engineer Maximov. Would 4% look for ka. any other way out of creating poloniya "or backtracktotal business, let’s leave everything: ° to the “Akos 4, T.Є..., avosat can bHTh, after 2-3 years the same” about the railway train tracks: to build roads. on Slobodsky Vtochka without any side of the expense. :,,,,Prince V.F. Obolensky said that finding everything is fine, as I valueolLOSSThe closing assignment and all my suggestions were more fair and no offense to anyone, so they themselves said that if they were all interested in the construction of the Sloboda winding, the initiative group would find "it is fair to extend the amount required by the engineer Maximov 3 , and on: 4, then you agree to this. I also agreed. and Frol Petrovich, although this is clearly in. damage, memory of both and I, Oh "named Alexandro- Vnkh, did not agree: bn on it; * Vitsya: a total injustice. As regards the declaration and action of A.I.: The boot is an icon, this is Yanny absurdity, nichin,unreasonable what he counts on, "I absolutely do not understand. From -to step aside from the cause you started, it’s not for any reason: it’s necessary to find some way out, but, as a last resort, we offer the brothers Aleksandrovny to allocate 25,000 rubles for this, and the rest, perhaps, to manage to reduce the SapozhnikovsI'm waiting for myself, or something else to attract. Mr. . . . . .I said that to put on the brothers - Aleksandrovna half of all races of the moves, Moiret bnt; they: implicitly introduce: for them to give it, for: 25,000 rubles, easier, than :: mn. to Frol Petrovich to give :: io2000, or 2,500 rubles each, but the principle was: such a distribution: it was - but obvious injustice in relation to k = Alexandrov, for the same "sick injustice in relation to the 1st spinal .. factory." Sapozhnikoyanh ”, but to the other side. The Sapozhnikovs need a railroad more and more, they are aware that there is a direct line from Zagarskago - a bridge to the city »Slobodskoy goes through.іin.. 3kiGl.SAG._______1378_______their village, A.I. Sapotnikov and Ramil, that if he doesn’t take partto blame for expenses, it’s all the same the railway, will go through their village, factory, they will not be bypassed as a prominent, largest matchNew enterprise in the Vyatka province. All of its offers are clearit was evident that it was desirable for him to assign half of the “all expenses” to the town of Slobodskaya, i.e. on brothers, Aleksandrovnx, imyutsikh distillery. and breweries in Slobodsky, but to express it directlyYour presence did not have enough civil courage. I personallyI believe that the outrage, stubbornness of Saprzhnikovskh on me to depart from thisfor: not worth it, in extreme cases - perhaps a reverent-not to ask the brothers, Aleksandrovnkh themselves to decide what sum they have at the “Poka - they want to take over, because of the required amount by the engineer. Maximov Hm. But I have more. offer; sdѣl & x "additional izyskanіe about news. - # / l. from the Zagarskoe railway bridge not along a straight line, that is, not through the Sapozhnikovs, but along the coast of the Ryatka river, through the village of Dolgushinykh, past the confused factory Dolgushin. Then lead to: "That Litskoye Alexandrovsky name crossing the Vyatka postal tract aboutthe village of Makarya. Then, from Talitsyn, drive along the left bank of the Zoniha river towards the Bokovskiy plant and give it to our village Vakhrushevo, Rei, after the Bokoyans, somewhere near the Lelelevskaya village on the same first. . research, so that a new misunderstanding would have to “make a verst of 15 or not more than 20. With that: then the Salozhnikovskaya station doesn’t have to fall back, but it would have to do a station at the Dolgushinsky plants, in Talitsa, in. Alexandrovsky name, near the Bokov plant, and gave the same as in the first iznskanіy. But this line, it seems; the nerst will be 2-3 long, and according to the opinion of the engineer Lѣsnikov, the cost of construction will beITit’s much cheaper as it goes through - all along a valley of 45, equal to the Properties and will not require such expensive earthwork, which is unavoidable when_______1379_______** * **** 031R... ..... . .... . .. . .. . .... .... . . .. .. .лв***.leading roads on the first izkanіy through Sapozhnikovyh. The engineer is lucky to say that railways and access roads are eager to build the Dolushushin birch and the Ministry of Forestry also prefers to demolish the construction carried out by the lowland, through the horn. When carried out through Dolgushinskie factories, atconstruction at their stop “Dolgunin Al.p. He stated that he and his cousin, Mikhail Fedorovich Dolgunin, should take over one part for themselves, we would like to spend all our money, which would be necessary for thisturbidity at your own expense an additional refinement. If the train is closer", i yag '', '',,,“ 1: 1'1 30 runway to the Bokovskiy plant, I believe that Bokoyankh is sorry that a stop-station will be arranged for them, then now the Bokovs will agreeto take on one part of the participation in expenses. If we move a separate stop to Talits, for Aleksandrov, and the second to Slobodsky, outside the Alexandrovsky plant, then, I believe, it will be harmless for the brothers Alexandrovn to take on 2 shares of the cost, I and F.I.JIѣsnikov will receive one share distribution 50. 000 p. for seven parts of 750 rubles, which is feasible for us all and br. Aleksandrovniy will have to replace 17,000 - only 14.300 rubles will be contributed. the question is that the Salononi Kovy factory, which is the largest too expensive, requiring more railroads than others, will be bypassed if this will not be a hindrance when applying for permission to leave the Minister of Communications. Especially if the Sapozhnikovs dispute the direction and initiate their counter-ho.. . . . . .. .;...; *.. . . . ...date at the same timeus, and in the second. In total of me • VІІheveloto report to you on what I consider the Sapozhnikovs to be the chieftsiator mi, who even gave a lot of thought about how to spend on the Slobodskaya road to the Zagarsky railway. the bridge. For not having near the city of Vyatka there was a railway road across the Vyatka river, I thought "that you should never be able to build * a road on Slobodskaya street, since there is only one railway bridge across the river_______1380_______...:fourchildren cost 3-4 times more expensive than the whole branch to Slobodsky, but when. Sapozhnikov prompted that it is possible to maintain a railway line. to Zagarskiy bridge,already ready, then the question burst into tears simply and in led a conversation about.•first out of costs, according to which, it is clear to us that the Sapozhnikovs took part in the third honor. Now go around them, leave them in good condition "will our third party honestly.Prince V.F. Obolenskiy and F..lѣsnikov seized on my proposed ie,. .. .. ..... . . ...; ...F.. ..g. :) :),! ::. ::::::PH said that for the stubborn AS TVo A.I. Sapozhnikov must be taken advantage ofto be. , make a search through the Debt of the Shins and if this line turns out to beit’s more profitable and will have more pain uah Sleep for approval, then for meSaON I have nothing to be ashamed of: not lh yL if Stn him, but oiryshol himself,•ny:four.ultime tino claim or. demanding that they clear off his innocence: Let him teach himself a lesson, there will be no railroad, which he considered to be his own pocket. , by its property and all its dicton its terms. I reiterated that there wasn’t anything to lose from the new trial, more so that dolushins took over the costs for that. The engineer has to submit such an opportunity two weeks, but it is necessary to draw up Dolgushinsky letters, as I said only one. A.L.Dolgutinnym and not just a word, but now I propose to send them an urgent telegram, if indicated, the expenses required from their side and ask them to urgently discontinue. According to the volume, it is necessary to speak with Bokovnia personally to t.lsnikon or through P.P. Popov, their son-in-law, whether they would like to participate in the consumption of x when a new search is made, if the station is to be arranged, if possible “closer to their” factory .. Finally, I consider it moral necessary to reconnect with ki Sapozhnikoynm, that if he stays at his ultimatumy temper - he doesn’t make more than one statement for all, then he will make a new study together with the olgutins, in the direction of his own factories through their factory andt•. . ..... ::..._______1381_______will be. / dear bypassed, but it is his own interest. Let him decide on his own, and, not, we are not offended that we have done something safe from him: damage to his interests). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Prince: V.F. Obolenskiy joined. "To my mind - 24 November, now.whether you urgent telegram Vyatka to Alexander Dolgunin and copy to Mikhail:.Dolgushin eat, it is proposed to make a new research at their expense and: learning to charge the necessary expenses, approximately 7500 rubles each. .Che - a cut of 2 hours, “he was the one to get an urgent telegraph. Look at the name of Prince Zia Obolen Skago and L.A. Vakhrusheva - complete agreement, we will send for additional expense at our own expense and we will not. : application costs 15,000 rubles. Immediately call a lumberjack engineer for additional study. Signatures: Alexander Dolgunshin, and Mikhail - Dolgushin. . ... - While they were waiting for an awesome telegram from Dolguchinnkh, we had a great deal with Yak - va - Likhaylovich Slekterskago and prince Obolensky andeat .. Lѣsnikov, and then. the last day I went to P.P. Polov, We talked on the phone from Boki Naki. Oh, they can work out, agree to pay immediately, owe a share. Въ • 5: an hour again they arrived at the apartment Spektors k go, v. Alexandrova, on Demyankѣ: A.I. Thessaloniki and Peter I.Satiozhnikov, but we haven’t harvested anywhere. . . . . . . . . . . . . :: We started again "in continuation of a thorough meeting: Are A.I. Sapozhnikov siblings. To offer a more reasonable proposal for all participants in the initiative group, as well as given information,obda / ultimatum /, pl. We find it unreasonable and, categorically, accept this, we refuse. A. I. Sapozhnikov, declared that he wasn’t used to play with his own words: he won’t be able to play his word, as: he saiduntil it is realized that this is his last one: 0 word: "and he won’t give a dime anymore.What do you know, then, let’s talk about discussing nothing more, I can leave completely. "Rises and wants: to leave. We asked: to sit down-but_______1382_______go to the table for a minute more and listen to our last word as well, and then we’ll all disperse, everyone will be free to have their own. A.I. Wah -pozhnikov again sat down at the table. I, cons agree. Remained, participants,іconsumptive ambiguity, informed by Sapozhnikov 5, which pl. Until now, we considered it and we consider ourselves obliged to morally bear with you all the hassle and expense of applying for the railway / road on Slobodskaya Street, as an equal member of an initiative group. , Kaniya: would not have appeared. New circumstancea new offer or offer that is beneficial to anyoneparticipant from the initiative group, but violated bn-interesting at least oneI’m not a member of the group, I don’t go for it and don’t go! ”, without warning all the rest - the initiators of this cause“ for we find this not fair, but at the present moment. ” It so happened that all the participants in the initiative group sent you a few suggestions and invited them to fully discuss if something was not suitable for the majority, then they were ready to solve the problem. You are without any. the motivations all our proposals are rejected, make your proposal also without any motivation, saying that yes - eat it, hiding your heart, like bau throwing “dog bone”, We are all unanimousbut. We declare that this is unreasonable and unacceptable, we kindly ask Us to submit a new proposal, which would be more attractive for all and ready to again, him: to discuss, but, with offense, you declare that you are not used to playing with words in words, and warned that it’s yourYour next word and you won’t remember it. So it turns outAre you ultimatum - do you want everyone to obey the loan or demand? or broke up bn. eat • by you, and continued to do it alone, like us.-at-anything, get up, from the table and leave. - We told you that ultia lively proposal for all participants in the initiative groupit’s unacceptable and if you refuse: to introduce for discussion, a new proposal, leave your own% group, we are not right for you_______1383_______R,, hold on or 1, manifest, sup: For we carried, but we consider ourselves • morally, right before you: not many. gone at least: Vas. and not: they’ve profiled to you. "I forced I: to exclude you from $. I’m willing to leave you, but you yourself leave and declare that we are free of their nonsense .. dais hayyakh. Although. You may be; and sorry, ..: What . Started in the area of ​​March 3. And, we have to continue :: without• 3Sim Vas: do not be offended in the future by us, for this, because they did not succeed. to convince you not to? were leaving. At the conclusion, he still disconnected.send you an offer later: amend Val_є. Ultimate Ze. -• Appearance, and if you Otkanitsya, then warn you that the Dolguni brothers are with NN: at your own expense, propose to do something new. wear and tear; Kanіe, and participation in 2-xearly shares In all expenses. Wat now, received from. they urged the telegram, which .. They didn’t consider it necessary for us to conceal it, but we still offer to Zam that if you stay on the previous entrance. Initial? Ruppѣ and you will, everyone discusses in a friendly manner. If you ask and obey the majority of the benefits, then we now have Dolguy - "You will be forced to wire; refuse: a: if you remain at your own opportunity, you will consider everything to be finished. And, b.dem are free: - in their actions A.I. Sapozhnikov important telegram,• invited his uncle 11.T? Sapozhnikova, they went away. they read the legram to the window. An. And I. Salozhnikov ": my uncle aloud said aloud that this is alltricks, many points are lying, maybe this telegram was removed from Slobodsky? -Myagi, intimidate, but .. - "I can not be led, Todhodhod3x3: To the table; to put: the telegram is not the table"; th. •• to say that! so that they dig the road, the road is 25-30 .. miles: length, when straightIniyachot Zagarskogo go. bridge by: our factory Mokas Dolgushins. to send a new life ..., niya, only: in vain throw away the Den5si ig. Losing time, but no "end" - againyou return - kam "nam :: shche; and .. while many of the dresses are large: there is nothing; you will pay tribute, you will give all your hand and their care. Petr Isaakovich Sapozhnikov, ong.---3t.2h.E.from_______1384_______..:paused for a moment, saying: “Please;make up and settle the matter: he is very hot and independent, it’s a pity that Mikhail Ivanovich didn’t come here. "Mh, they didn’t say that there was nothing to put up with: we didn’t quarrel and" didn’t. He had him, but he killed $ $ it’s a pity, so don’t even catch him, He don’t even want to talk to us, we’ll ask you to send him ... a new proposal, but he don’t want to discuss it, but he’d be subordinate to his ultimatum. Peter. .Isaakokich I shrugged and walked into the next. A.I .: Sapozhnikoynm ...- After the departure of both Saloyanikovs, we made a telegram, Peter - Burg, engineer lsnikov, asked; warn: () -to w / it; upstairs. . of the ways that we offer an additional insight, of the second: varіant El.yatkion Slobodskoy and ask a little engineer Lниковsnikov to go to BAT for additional: 0 finding the 2nd option through the Dolgupinykhface.! ! ! ... "" "...,. , "" ..... ....onegThe next day I ::: 10 $ yaal vy: Vyatka Vy. State Bank Committee. At the end of the BNҳoyahu committee, A.P. Dolguminni and ed. Laptevs; he was stolen together to have breakfast in: a club, and on the contrary - many go: -Mikh, Ivan. Sapozhnikov iPetr :: Vic: Салахін жковъ. Hello with me: and recall the side, saying that they purposely went to Vyazha, to see me and to talk with me about yesterday’s account. Yesterday, dear., Andrey Ivanovich logged on yesterday, and today he sent his brother Mikhail pogoyaria, eat On - mi: you can’t, if there’s another way to get together, although Mr. Vyatka and another time to discuss it all again, I sent off that we had already sent a telegram to Yeterburg from Yin: Nehru, Dsnikokoku, and now Dolguminn was transferred to him 2000 rubles for the second life insurance. It’s possible that the engineer, Lsnikov’s business, will be there tomorrow ” chnet iznckanіe and potsuu already late and inconvenientto lead on discussion about the first "option, and not really talk, for. Andrei Ivanovich said yesterday that this is his last word, and we told himіe_______1385_______.* * ***::“They noted that your last word for the rest of the rest is unacceptable if you send a new proposal you were ready to sit and discuss all night yesterday. My opinion is that it is time to make up again that there hasn’t been any changes, but there is no suggestion from you .. If you want to offer something new, please fill out a letter or those with a legend in the name of Prince B.8. Obolenskago or in my name, then we will judge and make "a new communion together with Kami, but stopDrive Engineer Lѣsnikova. For iZnekanie Vorozh variant ty ya impossible »,, if ..aboutis it possible and inconvenient, moreover, that Dolguninn is an ons can? submit at your own expense. " Yesterday Andrei Ivanovich and Peter ”, Isaakovich saw and read whether they were a telegram, I reacted to it, I’m not sure and Andrei Iayanovich !:said Aloud THATlabolіThe telegram is dictated by!. . . . . . . .bullying, stse.:capable and on knee-overs spray sweat...;**We were entitled to be offended, but we gave the pitchfork that we didn’t hear, believing that such an expression could have omitted the uneducated man, the unimktsiy,,,:: 'і. "!g.-understood and decent,. ... .J: According to! Іroіts VTs As with GaliOZHNIKOV 1mi, I Vntse, and ban:. ::::::: 3} {I will give the bank on my back, Atoid A.ka. Me forYes Tev andUyane Yang n. Papiter, Gubҳali B-5 lit. to / twb breakfast breakfast IL 1Pska for showing the head of Traқy u Utsin, 100bѣltsan im don don me and. . . , 1 rt. Join me in order to be together with 2. TevҢi cost -P .. ..., ... '{: t'. Kat, dear told, A.P. olgW tuIN at the end of the yavlins: ::: ..,4.Salozhnikovs, and that lim, thawed. A.P. Dolgunin thanked me, - he wandered home for a moment, taking it. I have an address, engineer ѣsnikove, sowingan hour, he ordered that Seryozha go to the bank and quail to Petersburg, Lesnikov 1000 rubles. . . .The next day, the next long days from the brothers "Sapozhnikovs., AN did not receive any new proposals or at least simple writings, but from Peter, Isaac." Sapozhnikov heard that A.I. Sapozhnikov should stay in Petersburg в to defend, so that the railroad passed along the first._______1386_______through the village of Spzhnikovskoye, and not through Dolgy Niyankh. We are not common. Guy ’similar, spread by the“ Shoemaker ”, rumors, provided him with the full right to hope and act but“ to their own supervision. ...An engineer lsnikov immediately immediately received a 3-week week with a student Al, Alex.Linanov made an additional search for it. During the Yans Kaniya of the Second Naughtyshort-term Vntki, brothers Salozhnikoyan repeatedly took engineer F. B. Lassnikov to himself, they tortured him and asked for his assistance "and yon ,tov, ka ka" and where to trouble to defend the firstvar_antѣ.7 Did the engineer receive something from the Sapozhnikovs money, l * s * nihov, we were not aware, but you think that without a bribe. not by the fact that when. lѣsnikoy was finished from time to time and said to us that "he y o-o w / L, access roads to present dba Barіanta and o-o o ocheIntroduce yourself in MinTE KOHhis 38klyuchenіem, i.e. at the "presentation of r-id, the yangodnost and not the yangody of that" and the other rises up. Of course, all this is due to the fact that it’s more profitable than hépi ant, but Sapozhnikov will stand up to protest, protest at 6 ° of the second hiatus, he will defend his take-up option: he already has the opportunity to work in St. Petersburg. and they realized this, that the engineer ѣ ѣ ’snikov’ recommended such a move to Salozhnikov.We told F. E. Lѣsnakov that we cannot prohibit Sapozhnikov from defending .. to take his first option, but now he is interestedsecond variant and tell engineer 44 ksimov that only under the condition that if there is a resolution of "Slobodska branch for the second variant, we will immediately deposit it", the stipulated amount is 50,000 rubles. and so that the construction of this branch was started first of all. If the construction is allowed according to the first option, through the Selozhnikovs, then we don’tsa did not make it up and let the construction be done in the second or third turn - it does not matter to us. The last we have declared through Prince V.F. Aboutthat5.fourg.IV•Upst: tGluі_______1387_______. Lenskago or through Ya. M. Spektorskago personally confirmed to engineer Maxi mov. With what. was them - it was not told MaxiOJEU that the money was 50,000. R. already collected and are in the bank, Aleksandrov and I have the power to transfer this amount immediately to 0-ku, railway. under the railway tracks, when the construction of the railway will be officially authorized. Katki on Slobodskaya on the second option. I. - then, in turn, the Island w / subsidiary Rkh - way to issue an obligation to me that work will begin on the first year. It took about six months, Prince V.F. Obolensky and Ya.M. Spektorsky moved with Demyanka does not live in St. Petersburg. Our initiative new group, having collected the required amount, transferred it to Aleksandrovnya and assigned it to the prince. R. Obolensky, and Ya. N. Spectorsky to follow, for the movement of the Ministry of the Sloboda Vetka and to sanctify us. Andrei Ivanovich Sapozhnikov during this time, repeatedly. He tried to defend St. Petersburg, t / .. not, at .. With the base according to the first source, i.e. take your Spozhnikovsky tree ңк. You believe that Salozhnikov, wasted money, sent, ... and everybody, no more than that sum, which he would have willingly spent in a peace-loving discussion, without having to leave the group: і 2 • Ріг, :::::::::: .... 25: 1,, 3, 4,.In winter, during December 1912, during the Provincial Assembly, and the past at the Provincial Assembly. I am called by phone the ruler of the governor’s office to "itself", the office, and says, mnnator received from Petersburg, from: Ministry of Inquiry about. Slobodskaya i / d. vѣtkѣ, which is designed for construction and, petitions are filed in two directions, i.e. according to the two presented by varianta Mi, the ministry offers. Vyatka governor - discuss this issue. on 2mѣstѣ, with the industrialists of the initiator V.I. of this building and speaking - commonlysignificant number, i.e. representatives of the Zemstvos of Vyatskago and Slobodsky - the factory inspector and others. Showed a lot of list, which they namѣren.:un- tF 212g_______1388_______We invite you to the governor for solicitation. Vigu n Slisk, inscribed I, Alexandrov P.I. or UTB Ivan Ivanovich Ovchinnikon, A. I. Salon Ikov, Chairperson of the Slobodsky Zemstvo Administration, A. N. Klғes, etc. The Chairperson. Vyatka Zemsky Uliren, Deputy: St. Pavel Ivanovich Zergin Kin, Factory Inspector, Nikolai • Yakovlez ich E: 05, Vite-Governor, Dyachenko. I have a motive to fill in another offer to invite the Governor! Agos Gosular - private bank, Zladimir Manoich: Schelkova, so Kak himnuvs5 'promyun - Lennya: predpriyatiya vyachty yakhtskom "and Slobodskom - a person who is better-off; list 7 / insert / V.I. Tselkova ", saying:" you don’t need to do anything else: it’s a lot of things; it’s going to drag out worse, and the presidency will be presiding, Lіn Mikhailovich Fear: only in the evening, I’ve received an urgent call shag, FE go to »3 o’clock in the evening in the governorate ator at the meeting-o Sloboda t / roads. ”Many of them neatly appeared at 8 o’clock.” The governors took the place, the hostel’s place was at the end of the table, and on the other hand I offered to sit down. A.I. - her side of the table; all: the rest sat in a circleOhm the table. The face is the governor: also with the end of the table, next to the governor. ” The opening governor I.M. Strakhovskiy said that today - the day went by urgent salary from Petersburg, from the Ministry, with a “proposal -We need to express to the Governor of the governorate about the construction of a railway on Slobodskaya in general and, in particular, for a vehicle or other direction represented by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. hysteria dnuh varіantol, disputed each other. How these petitions were filed in commemoration of the governor’s governor and why the governor’s chancellor doesn’t have a trace of your way. Not kto zhenli who "from you Vasya now fill up.......!!!!!I declared: "Вғ.le • Excellency, I’ll go into detail now; you have to" live for "everything from the Vyatka-Sloboda railway / road, as one_______1389_______.. . "ditch, implementation - railway. branches on the Slobodskaya. Representative Office? to the governor of governor, governor I., M. Strakhovskii provided many words. I began • with the idea that there was a thought of a railroad on Slobodskaya: all residents of Slobodsky district had another 15 or 20 years ago when the Perm-Kotlas railway was being built: everyone thought that they had taken the Vyatka. Perm will pass ./ The road is the same as passing the Siberian Postal, n .. tract, those through Slobodskaya and Glazon to Perm and the railway. the bridge will be from the village of Makarya in the "city" of Vyatka, but it turned out that the railway passed along the left bank: rivers. Vyatka, in Glazov and Perm: without going into Slobodskaya. and the railway bridge across the Vyatka river was built at 13 versts — from the city, Zagarskago was transported by residents of the city of Slobodsky, and we were in for more pain: we were disappointed with the idea that now it’s impossible to expect Slobodskaya roads, for a bridge across the river. Vyatka. • it is not suitable to build specifically, neither is it commercial: settlement, because it is expensive. such a bridge, as if bn, at 5 or 6 sockets would have cost more than the cost of the entire construction of the Sloboda railway station. We began to relate calmly to this, and were completely reconciled with the thought that there would never be a railway to Slobodskaya. ” For one trip: St. Petersburg ”, including the vowels of the Provincial Zemstvo, when applying for Kazan-Vyatava –– / roads through Yaransk, I was introduced to an older engineer, Lesnikikoyan, who is engaged in private work, research and other. small business. for the construction of railway. , Remove me, .. approximately, years: 10; supported - acquaintance. In the past year, many. , engineer лссниковъ, 1 reported that: a new, large engineering company was formed. access roads, which is taken to build: from time to time: Nnkhya industrialnaya rayon vtok, broad-gauge railways to the main highways, large railway junction, seeks the same runway and solicits a government grant of 50-1 concession:4 REARYes.one_______1390_______atacium of such a thread; To build this "0-in own account, ie according to the concession received, establishes for each branch a separate share. Island, takes out shares; • depending on the amount, sometimes the bonds and open them abroad, among, foreign capitalist and through banks. Engineer Lsnikov, I knew from time to time that Slobodsky uyezd once dreamed of building a railway line on Slobodskaya. Now I have suggested that I should get acquainted with the board of directors about the island access puffs and for the first time they have a little morebut built, then take this opportunity, perhaps, will be taken up quickly. . I have our branch in Slobodskoy, I went with an engineer lsnikovymThe board of the island, met with the chairman of the board, engineer Maksimov, who said many that they were prepared to discuss in detail - this one. the question is, if the interested person initiates a presentation to them with the society “hereby - request and take upon yourself a consumptive initial - about the investigation of the localities and wear and tear of the house or even better if you surrender yourself, - at your own expense, you will seek through an experienced engineer and such a request” that they once ”then give a definite answer, but gut; • whether” to take over the building or not. I asked engineer Maxi Mova the question is that we are embarrassed to start intercessing, because by the way “from Vyatka to Slobodsky on the wayMarked the river "Vyatka, through which to build an expensive / road entrance for the Sloboda branch, the unit will correspond, and the black river has such a bridge at 13 verst from the city of Vyatka. If you lead to that bridge, then extend the branch is being built: Engineer Maximov, “it’s not a problem that a really new bridge for the 30-verst branch” is not built, but 0-13 verst extension of the branch on the existing bridge, it doesn’t hurt the life, An experienced engineer who will have to find it will envisage and to seize the extra industry district, always prefer to do extra.buttg5-10 verst lengthening, what to lead the railway on empty land, andwhether in the mountains. Having returned from St. Petersburg to Vyatka, they are leather takers and match manufacturers and brewing factory Aleksandrov. They made up an initial group to discuss the issue of whether to make at least a search and assuming that nothing could be left of it, let’s just spend a little amount on research. Andrei Ivanovich Sapozhnikov, finding himself here, my vis-à-vis, was ardently supporting that he should make excursions from the Zagarskoy bridge / railway / in a straight line on Slobodskaya ... and he would pass by his factory and the distance would not be long. it may be, even shorter, through the mail path “Mn, several factory workersR.eand betweenwallpaper pAmount from outside can invited engineer_______1391_______..FROM::Lѣsnikova, for the amount assigned to him. He sent us a search according to the direction indicated by Sapozhnikov, the engineer losnikov took this scan and all the collected material, according to the turnover of the wind. and the financial plan in Petersburg was presented to the Railway Station. access roads. Browsing the presentation of the presentation and, all material, 0-in invites us and declares that the implementation of the bank is possible, although the bank is not. large, but quite solid industrial areas and exitsto drive to the big highway, to the St. Petersburg railway. Railway Station it’s hoped that the concession can be obtained without hindrance, but since the branch is small in length and requires mountainous terrain, expensive earthwork is required, such a link is not very intrinsically for the island of access roads and, besides, already in the first year there are buildings, in the south of Russia there are 100 300 versts, which are more interesting for their islands, and therefore, they are ready to accept our proposal, but they promise to begin construction in the second or third stage, i.e. after 2-3 years, without any costs on the part of petitioning industrialists. But, taking into account that the branch is very small with a stretch of theirs, the O-in can put it into the first queue, i.e. noti.•_______1392_______to start the construction 'in the very first construction season, but under the condition that the request is made by industrialists, to incur part of the organizational expenses, for the establishment of an acc. Islands for this thread. Participation is determined by the loss of several tens of thousands of rubles. On this issue, the Railways of the Railway provided us with a month. Many people interested in the construction of the branch, the industrialists of Vyatvagago and Slobodsky, having met, discussed the proposal and dispersed. Some considered it necessary to seize the opportunity and pay the required amount, collected by the industrialists, without touching either the city or the zemstvo. . that - in our country, the first initiative group split. At that time "a second group was formed, which decided at its own expense to surrender .. new excellence, in another industrial area, but from" zagarskago "myone hundred TAKEolin), onTHAT.gүKino kіeayavolkcareer,.in Alexandrovsky name - Talitsa and so far to Slobodskoy. This "li2nd day:Ianta prol not through the horn, but an equalturned out to beit’s 3-4 versts long, but civil engineers determined it was much cheaper, the shortest line, the 1st one, which was used through the horn, as if it were the first one, as if it were a lot of expensive worth of excavation work. In addition, the initiative group of the second option does not stop presenting expenses for the organization with the establishment of a share. islands for this branch: unanimously fully accept the contribution of the island, the required amount. So, the image of the zone turned out to be two options. The first variant defend, undertook, which refused or found it inappropriate to participate in the costs of organizing, and the second variant - to support all_______1393_______fifteenother entrepreneurs, which will be serviced by the Re road of the second option. Personally, my company and Mr. Ale - ksandrovnx will serve the railway. vtka and pervago ”, and the second vari anta, so that we do not suffer in any way, nor in any other case”, i.e. whether the construction will take place for whatever option, and the only party with the approval of the second option will be the factory with the sapozhnikovs: if everyone is interested in the railroad, if there is one, the Sapozhnikovsk factory will be bypassed and left without -fi / to the horns , but capture a lot of new industrial enterprises, such as: Dol Gushinykh, Mironovyh, Talitsa9 ° shikhӧyankh9; Bokoyanh and others, whom I couldn’t serve the first railroad option: As for what the breeders started, it was a petition in addition to public organizations or not through the chief of the provinces of Chi, as well as the one I submitted, favor “Your Excellency, to discern that many are petitioning breeders themselves so far have poorly believedthen, they started it in private. means, as I started, put it, “at random”, try only to do the refinement, and then 0-w / d. access roads took over - if the search turned out to be profitable, then 0 will intercede for our branch of samba, besides us, not knowing where it will be necessary and, it seems to us that everything that we have done is up to this time; it was a rough draft material, feeling for "soil" and clarification in different directions, and when all the rough material gathered in - Mini bail, this moment begins your conclusion as well as the head of the governorate and the majority of the society , a place of zemstvo and other foundations, this is the real beginning of the business. At this point I am finishing my report.........................Presidency, Governor I.M. Strakhovskiy turned to present*ES**ft to_______1394_______I am invited to express my opinion one at a time. Next to me was the chairperson of the Sloboda regional council, A.N. Shklyaev, the first, they said that starting from the Zagarskoy bridge and heading to Dol Gushinsky factories and going “on the right side” of the postal road, the road can be reached with low ground, no large earth work will be required and, my large amount will cost much cheaper and this variant captures, without exception, all factories and plants. from Vyatka to Slobodsky, with the exception of the only factory of the match brothers Sapozhnikovs, and therefore I think that according to the second option, the freight turnover, designed by the railway, will be greater and the second option if you don’t benefit dozens of more industrial companies! - match factory Salozhnikoyankh, speak out for the desirability of an early construction of the railway. • for the second option. .It seemed to me that it was outside, the intercession of the kyutsі chairman of the Vyatka district council, Pavel Romanovich Zarkin. He repeated the same thing as declaring the Freedom and the Chairman of the Zemstvo government. Zatѣm Factory Inspector, N.Ya. Yezhov said that everything that is industrial on the right side of the tract from Vyatka to Slobodsky is all mine, i.e. incoming my vision of my duty as a factory inspector. To get around and drive all the activities that go from Vyatka to Slobodsky on the right: the sides, the path I spend every month up to 10-15 days, and on the left side the track is the only Salozhnikovs factory to wash my clothes, and to attend every month. I fully support the speedy implementation of the railway lane for the second option, on the right side of the tract. Next National -Managing, Vyatskogo Dep. State Bank V.I., Schelkovo announced that he was a representative of a financial state institution. interested in the development of a large number of factories and factories - in Slobodsky and Vyatsky uzzdakh and its firm conviction that_______1395_______..+3-R,4--the slow construction of the railway access road from Slobodsky to Vyatka will bring enormous benefits to the industry, and especially the second option, "ie, on the right side of the highway, considering Vyatka to Slobodsky, it’s completely covered all the 2 factories and plants uzzdov, but only one match factory of the Sapozhnikovs will be circumvented. railway, but I speak out and take preference for the speedy implementation of the railway on the second option. Trusted Alexandrovnx, Acting Ovchinnikov / bivshy member of the First State Duma, cadet, judged for Vyborg reign, the best speaker in the Vyatka province, began to express his opinion on criticism of the actions of A.I. Sapozhnikov, but in full. subtle and poisonous, but his representative governor, Strakhovskiy, was stopped - he asked the critics not to speak, to speak only on the merits. I.V. Ovchinnikov, without embarrassment, essentially stated that he is a pre-industrial enterprise and at the same time the Vyatskiy Provincial public vowel. Aleksandrovnkh is interesting, my followers of the railway station will be the same in the first and in the. the second version. My principals here remain impartial in both directions and asked me to defend that variant, which is more profitable for all the other industrial enterprises of industrialistsSlobodskogo and Vyatskogo uzdov and the entire peasant population of both uzdov, not counting the personal Intresa and the required costs of the brothers, Alexandrov, because I on behalf of the industrialists, Alexandrov and personally on my own, as I publicly express my knowledge that I’ve carefully read my knowledge both narratives, sophisticated finishes # / d. high schools, I consider the interests of the whole population and industry to be the most favorable direction for the second option and I hope the directionand the Ministry of Railways will soon develop and it is possible that the first construction - construction season is 0-w / d, of railway lines to begin construction„._______1396_______Ki Sloboda wind.Last sitting, next to I.N. Ovchinnikovni, A.I. Salodnikov. Before the government, the governor I.M. Strakhovskii gave the floor to Salozhni Kov, asked him to set out in detail all considerations for both var_ans. Andrei I. Sapozhnikov, began to express what was originally delivered but was sought according to his instructions, the shortest direction and in this direction the railway would serve the largestfactories and factories, like our factory is the largest, the largest governor of the country and standing on the side, from all communication lines and far from the river, it will also serve the Vakhrushev and tanneries, finding it also far from the river. The second canal has been made, although for the convenience of leather and bastard plants: Dolgupinykh, Shikhovnkh, Mironovykh and Bokova, but they all already have communication routes, for example, Dolguvyn plants are located close to the Vyatka river, and all the rest are near io who constantly has convenient communication on horseback all year round and no one needs the railroad — they did not intend to bother about it, and the railroad is necessary for us. Having no communication routes, we began to clap about the construction of the railway. If this is not done according to the first seizure, then we have to either close the match factory completely, or transfer it to the rivers of Vyatka. I urge you, Your Excellency, to support our request to build a railway along the first option. .Governor I.M. Strakhovskiy at the end of the thank-you Sapozhnikov-. Ril all those present for a thorough understanding of the floor, declared the meeting closed. With all said goodbye to the hand. I asked "Vice-Governor Dyachenko to stay for now, to draw up a protocol of ambush. The next day I went to the office of the governor, I showed a copy of yesterday’s ambassador’s protocol, in which the comments were detailed_______1397_______....:. .::,|kuYou each of those present and at the end stated the opinion of the chief of the province that he definitely speaks out for a speedy construction. Slob. bodysuit for the second option..In the chancellery, I read a copy, asked to give me a private, although I would like to save a copy that I won, and after 2 days, I received one .... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .We began to calmly expect the news from Petersburg, and Sapozhnikov again and again went to Petersburg. Finally, at about the end of February or at the beginning of March 1913, I received from St. Petersburg from Prince Obolenskago, that finally the suburban branch was approved by the government, the concession of construction of the railway station was approved and granted. access roads. The board called me to complete the entire contract. I did not slowly contribute to the Board the stipulated amount of 50,000 rubles. They said that on April a month, they were in Vyatka from 0-on the railway. access roads engineer Kvyatkovsky with necessary assistants and proceed with the procurement of sleepers and other work on the construction of the Sloboda branch on the second option, i.e. through Dolguainyh. Sapozhnikov's application was rejected. It seemed that Andrei Ivanovich should be reconciled with the thought that he was to blame: with his obstinacy he had punished himself, pushed the railway out of his factory, but he began again. counteract and slow down the building for the 2nd option / stick sticks on wheels / ,. It was a shame for him that there would be no railroad near his factory, and his competitors: F.D., Dsninov and Demyank, near the smelting factory Makhnevikh would have a commodity station and the Vyatka river close to the factory. This was even more offensive to him. He, through his uncle Pyotr Isaakovich, began to persuade the Slobodskoye City Self-Government, so that the town of Slobodskoy would initiate a petition to Petersburg, make the third part of the penance, drive the village of Voznesensko-Vakhrushev to Slobodsky,"_______1398_______to carry out the postal route and the station to take the order or at the fortune-telling house, but to Demyanka, then the dsnikov match factory, in the village: Spasskoy and Ma Khnevskaya on Demyanka also turned out to be unbearably expensive and should have carried their load to Slobod Petr Isa akovich, instigated by Andrei Iya, Sapodnikoynm, managed to persuade Slobodsky mayor, Ilya Iv. Rybakova. He assembled the City Duma, which decided to institute such a petition and support such a petition in Petersburg. The delegates from the middle vowels of Slobodsky were elected: P. I. Sapozhnikov and the secretary of the city administration, Vladimir Alexandrovich Smolin, and An, I. Sapozhnikov, handed over to his lawyer-petitioner in Petersburg, who was paid the fee of A. I. Sapozhnikov at our own expense .. We, on our part, were instructed to follow the entire building of the railway station. ki on Slobodskaya on the second option and for the approval of clarity of details and discussion of controversial issues to Prince V.F. Obolensky, I.N.Spektorskoy and a member of the StateThe last Council elected from the Vyatka province, Aleksander Petrovich Sarnev, the Last at my request, willingly accepted this work, voskaskan, that I am very happy to be personally for me at least something useful. "When examining both the Ministries submitted to the warrant and the petition of the town of Slobodsky, listening to the deputies from the town of Slobodsky who expressed the desire for a third search, it was the turn of the second side to speak out, then A.P. Snrnev told the public that the Vyatat that the second variant is so correct and justified that no one raises about the third search, and as for the construction of a pier in the Demyanka, either at the almshouse or at the barracks, it did a little he should be entrusted with the builders of the 0-th railway station, to grant access to the railway to nst, bearing in mind the petition of the city of Slobodsky if it does not cause fundamental changes_______1399_______.. .::. if all damage is done, then if possible try to satisfy only the posta new station, between the city of Slobodsky and Demyanka, av tslom asta vit second variant, without changes. The ministry agreed to this, and so it finally approved the second one -variant ... -. .Railway Station access roads basically agreed, made a commitment that the last 2 hours near verbosity near Slobodskovo would offer further research if this does not cause a large increase in construction costs and if you do not violate the interests of the crowded group of breeders from Slobodsky and Vyatskogo in the forerunner of the opportunity will go to meet the interests of the city. Slobodsky put the station between Demyanka and the town of Slobodsky. She returned to Sloboda depot. the city’s state and I met a member of VA: Smolin, who said a lot: that your group has a representative from the deputy. The Vyatka zemstvo was in the State Council, and we, remotely vowels of the provincial cities, listened to us silently, and when Vam Syrnev spoke out, they agreed to all of them unanimously, they didn’t let us say anything more, but we promised to search. the opportunity to put the station between Demyanka and the city, but I think that you will be able to defend your own way through Sarnev again. I rejected V. A. Smolin that, on the contrary, if there are 0 roads, access roads find it possible. without prejudice to business and without an increase - the cost of expenses falling on our part, we will not mind, I even have Kazan, P, and Alexandrov, a telegram that telegraphs so that at the final. . refinement of the production. station, can you go no.in meeting residents of the city: to build a station between Demyanka and the city, at the almshouse, which is personally for the plant. Alexandrov:; no harm will be done, and perhaps even provide more convenience. But: if this violates the interest of the rest, members of the initiative group, I promised Smolin to send a copy of this telegram to Aleksandrov, and for the next hellabout. not•_______1400_______a day later, through Peter Alekseyevich Plyusnin, Smolin sent a copy of a telegram, pl. During a conversation with V. A. Smolin, I showed that on the next occasion I would advise Ram, at such motions, to elect the number of deputies of the State Council of the City Duma from Mr. Slobodsky, father:Stefan Popov, because in all ministries and civilian affairs, they are attentive to the people’s representatives of the State Duma and the State Council and with them all delegations will be more likely to access them sooner,It began on May 1913 from the railway station 0, railway station Vyatka engineer Kvyatkovsky with an assistant and a student-railway. We started from the Zagarsnago railway bridge in the direction of the second vari ant test: since the beginning of the canal, we immediately started excavation work and the preparation of sleepers. We made small landings and excavations. When they reached Talitskago with the name of Aleksandrovna, then the engineer Kvyatkovsky moved with his wife, lodged in our village Voshchnesensko-Vakhrushevo and rented an apartment at the expense of 0 for himself and for the office at Afanasy Ilyich Vakhrushev, his best house the pain is big in our village /, and our company provided free assistance to the assistant with his wife and a student-traveler with his wife. an apartment located in Py sakovskaya odnoritsѣ, where it was earlier at our office ..The engineer Kvyatkovskiy with his employees continued to carry out work from Talitskago name Aleksandrovnx to Slobodsky, but having presented the last versts for 3, I received a bonus from Shchukovsky village. Finding, turning the end of the railway junction of Dennyanka nә. the town of Slobodskoy, bogaduln. Therefore, the railway should pass through Shchukovskogo forest. to the village of Vorobyevskaya, crossing the river, bring Ale Ale Ksandrovskogo Demyansk pond, ay of the Vorobevskaya villageandubokіy ravine, through which there is a need to do_______1401_______:.:.:onea loose solid embankment with a large stone pipe for the passage is suspended, it is aq. All, these bridge constructions through the river nasnpi. - they significantly increased the cost of building the railway station, only for the sake of the fact that the townspeople of Slobodsky insisted on building a station at the almshouse, between the city and Demyanka, and not on Demyany, near the Makhnensky match factory.. An additional third source of the canal was sent to St. Petersburg by the engineer, Maximov, the chair of the Island, the railway, railway tracks, this made it depreciated with its conclusion to the Ministry of Railways, the message for final review. . .The Ministry invited representatives of the town of Slobodsky and representatives of the industrial initiative group having an agreement with the Company. railway, access roads. From the town of Slobodsky, the delegate of II appeared: V. A. Smolin, P. I. Sapozhnikov, A. Ғ. Kosarev ,. V.N. Makushin - and - with them the Sloboda priest, - a member of the State Duma, Protopriest Father Ste Stan Polon. On the other hand, a third party from the Promotional Initiative Group was: member of the State Council, by election ot. Vyatka gubernii Al.L, Syrnev, F.L. Лѣсникоуъ. The representative of the Ministry, in covering it, stated that the board of directors 0-va railway, access roads at the suggestion of the Ministry of Railways passed additional, worn outNie, which presented to our final conclusion, with its own - calculations, for additional - significant costsmenenіem final path-and-building .. station. Badrugom .. and not according to the first search. Invites the ғ parties to speak out for the amendment, and against, we all protest, arsenal. final - will be sent later from the Ministry of Railways. . . . . . . . ! ! !From the delegation of Mr .. Slobodsky began to report, Protopriest Father Ste Fan Popov, motivating the insistent petition of the "residents of Slobodsky: that the city is still a large legal unit, whichoneATT--TFri:**X1. p_______1402_______.desire naturally, to bring closer to the station and achieve extra convenience to go to the station; when "they will have to go along the railroad. to Vyatka, for many have no horses and no horses, and to reach a mile or two, when it would be station at: Demyank, behind the Makhnev factory, this is already superfluous for all residents of the town of Slobodsky Besides that, in the city - Slobodskoy there are several dozens of small and large merchants who will receive and send part of the goods by rail. For them, too, there will be an extra burden to transport goods to Deklyanka, and it will be beneficial for them to carry I will be at the almshouse, but the good thing is that with this, the prisoners who live on the Day - the Yankees - almost do not lose anything; apart from the only match factory of Makh Neva, the main, largest brewery-distillery breeder Aleksan Drov believes that he will even have some benefit from "the fact that if the goods station is at the almshouse, near the Aleksandrovsky brewing warehouses, that Bidno will have removed the telegram, of which I represent a copy of this. / Father Stafan filed a copy of the telegram that I sent to Smolin via Plyusnina. :::::::. . . . . . . . . . . .Our representative, member of the State Council „A. P. Syrnёk ringing pitchfork; what is the group of industrialists of Vyatvvago? and Slobodsky uzdinta zinta is only connected to the fastest building and / to the railway from Zagarskoye railway: yo hundred to Slobodsky - according to the second option "and the Railways: access roads, having agreed on the details , guaranteed them to build this branch immediately, the first building contract. The government approved this option and discontinued the building - conditionally, if possible, to meet the petitions of the town of Slobodsky, to bring the station closer to the city, if you don’t interrupt it, "damage to everything lu. From the side of the industrial group, obstacles were not expressed. Railway Station access roads made additional refinement. and see the calculus and presentedbut_______1403_______on the windowssolidand0Twa:: .. ... "}}".uach MH He "..+we can judge how much land or land is "for the Government"tѣnovna declaration 0-vaupstairs:Змѣненія.si sor evenThen I insistthe thread is that.If the location of the station would have to stop the entire construction of the branch, “or even reject it for 2-3 years, then I insist to reject the request of the city of Slobodsky, the rest is the first decision, .е. Do not slowly build and let the station be on Demyanka. If 0-in / d. access roads are not requested from the Government for completion and for * change - not to stop the construction started, then from the industrial group, initiators of Sloboda "bus - can not be stopped: there is no objection to this. They "all dispersed home, do not know how the Ministry finally decided. The construction continued. Through mѣsyad approximately from St. Petersburg came to us in the village - 2 directors, members of the board of the island of railway, access roads. One of them is a technical director-engineer, and the second is a financial director, a Frenchman. The transfer? Having cheated with an engineer of Kvyatkovskago, not every morning they all went to talk about the line, I, an engineer of Kvyatkovskogo bnl 4-motor car -. Ford. In this car of steel: engineer-director, engineer Kvyatkov sky, technician, assistant Kvyatkovskogo and driver, and financial engineer,there was nowhere to put a Frenchman on a car .. At the request of Knights of Horseback - I went to the car for my triple portlets and financiallyHis director - the Frenchman was lucky to take him to the lopіvdyakh. Bhali along all lin ii. The previous engineers, honestly, “stopped, inspecting the work, and many of them, French, took the road and then left behind the vehicle, then drove it to the stop and left ahead, and the engineers got out of the car and poi and pulkom on a new, third ianskіnіyu / additional / through the river to the Vorobyensky village kog bogadulnny, and the driver was sent to the car by the bypass2.._______1404_______.- dear, through .. Demyanku, almshouse. My coachman lost sight of them and we only, on Demyank, found out that the car was off, after all, it had gone through the city, and the engineer was going to the Vorobyevsky village pikom. We drove along the big road through the “Demyanka, in, the city, in the bologna.” There, see. . waiting car. many left their horses and I eat. financial „di - rector. they went from the almshouse to the Vorobyev village, to meet the engineer. It turned out that with them, there are a lot of people in the City Head, a member of the governing body, a secretary and several vowels, and a lot of teenage boys, as well as a member of the State Dumn, archpriest, father Stefan Popov. We met with everyone, them at Vorobyevsk onrag.With difficulty crossed oirag and climbed a steep cliff from onr ha to the top, to us to meet. Here, the engineer explained in French to the French financial director, that this ravine is the main obstacle, which causes a large excess of the cost of the wire. , but the railway, access roads / Maximov /, because of its initial project, smѣtѣ contributed a corresponding large amount for the cost of the device at the Slobodskoyemyank final station. circle, for wrapping the feather of a cart, i.e. when you take a train away from Vyatka by train before the pipe, it should be turned around and around in a circle, it must be pulled again by train ahead of the pipe. Maksimov Island, in principle, was ruptured if the city residents insisted on the construction of a station at the fortunate, this. If the bridge over the Vorobetsky ravine is too expensive, the Maximov Island is ready to cede to the inhabitants of the town of Slobodsky, but this expense will be incurred. Due to, cancellation, flow to the turntable at Slobodskaya station. Through this, the omega almost does not change and the area will be satisfied, the run of the bus will not stop, only from Vyatka to the Slobodsky steam train will go forward, by the pipe, and back from the Sloboda steam train, then the train will go back, i.e.“.. ._______1405_______.NIL-and..Chapterthenand,...l",pyatitsғ ../ All this is many engineer Kvyatkovsky explained much later / ... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .• The directors stepped aside, Blololos talked with each other and all reached the alms-house of the lonikom, and then all went to the City Head Ul Ivanovich: Rubakon has breakfast. I went there as well, and I was co-financed by the French director, for I was also invited to breakfast. Breakfast "was a man of 2" or 15 no more, modest, but still eat champagne - with kim and toasts...??....................The director of the board of directors. I / l, access roads still has a poorhouse: you announced that it’s interesting that the train station will be arranged at the poorhouse, but you have begged that the train will go for it - Vyatka-latya. Residents of Slobodsky was rejoiced (and the City Self-Government): they were very pleased that they defended their desire, and therefore honored the engineers and others as director. . The financial director, French, was talking with me on my three horses, but it was: it’s very inconvenient that not being able to speak French, but he did not know the Russian language. Mn they were silent all the way. When I returned home, I suggested, through the engineer Kvyatkovsko, that the French director inspect our factory, so that I could send French financiers the idea to make a note of the factory and the factory. French Director. cor wanted to inspect the factory and the factory and become familiar with our pretext n_em s tѣm so that I would give him a memo. After inspecting the factory, I handed the Frenchman a memorandum, which I had prepared - in St. Petersburg, a lawyer. Minichole in nѣskolkoh, copies.yah and was always kept at i .; in stock, frencha note. Next day . through an engineer - “Kvyatkovskogo informed many that the memorandum was very well drawn up, the provision is clearly statedALTTP:TA_______1406_______gave and made a favorable impression on him, as far as sheI understood at the time of reading and translating verbally through the engineer Knyat Kovskago. I asked my permission to take this memo toPetersburg, in order to translate it into French, and then send it to Paris, to review the board of its group of financiers and already from Perich, a final reply will be sent, positive or negative, which will be communicated a lot. I, with pleasure, left him a report note and agreed to wait 40-50 ... days. About a month later I received a reply that Parisour proposal has been considered and deemed interesting, but at present it is considered unfavorable for such financial conditions for Russia, but they do not deny or prejudice the possibility of -8 I will return to discussing this issue again. All this was at the end1313, almost • for a year or. less before the war. It is possible that the expectation of a war, which, apparently, was anticipated by the French capitalists in France and considered it an unfortunate moment to repay their capital in the Russian factory. At that time, our company was not large financially. difficulties and receiving from the French refusal, I was very disappointed, but I still did not lose heart and continued to lead the whole, dodging 87 financial and financial transactions through local Russian banks. . - Construction of a railway, a branch on Sloboda silt in full swing. The land was alienated from the peasants on a voluntary basis, that is. tѣkhsmall plots of arable land through which the railway passed. Part of the land "was occupied by the road, and personally of our company, which belongs to the glue - the Varennago plant, in the middle of the" village of Trofimovskaya. I’m in line. -.-the corresponding list to the engineer - Kvyatkovsky, that he is ceded to this land.the railroad on a common basis, like other peasants on a voluntary basis ..._______1407_______.one.Въ. current winter. -1913-1914. year were the spikes prepared and transported to Zmѣ for all the construction material .. the station and delivered? part of the rail to Zagarsky. the bridge. In the spring. In 1914, the laying of the rail from Zagarskago began - the bridge in the direction of Dolgushinsky plants and• the construction of stanitsionnyh, building-station passenger and freight? ?platform at all intended points. : Rulsn: - they were brought in by parts, not all of once at all our distance 30-40 - verst ot. Zagarskago - bridge to. Slobodsky; and the rest in parts of 2-3 versts "from differentrevenge, at large rebuilding of highways, periodically, that is ... Th - after a week or 2 again deliver 2-3 versti-tak. further on, the flow of atomic energy in the airways arranged by the Company, railway. under the railroad tracks, 3–2 garyn pozdov vy dry KI railways were considered secondary railways, and for such railways, a light-gauge type road, or extra large old-year railways, i.e. gdѣ na - large • highways the movement of trains increases annually, initiallyinitial position: rails are considered powerless to load loads uvethe mask of the number of rozdov, their. change to a new, harder one; Corresponding to relevance of the old, but: good. For less movement - peredachsya. . 9-well, i / d. Sub-paths ": In this operation for the Government -" teldom and for the 9th "and / etc. the sub-paths were mutual.and so, kav 'rise, 5th day of school. built yano - because of defective rights -telstvom rails, pita t "also ..}} pains, highways: keliznyh government roads, delivering“ superfluous - “. freight,” because the Government was willing to provide “0-w / q” "approach - ny ways". Concessions built: Vtvey; releasing old year railsat a similar price and; providing: friend »legal - lion,. , t. ... . Judging by the spring work: the building of a drink railway. branches on •• Slob. -Sky, we and the engineer were sure that in the course of the year 1914 will be.Ainfrom.tBUT.FROM.those.BUTone,ST.echfour_______1408_______. .Іon Slobodskaya railway vtok. finally built, but v. It became noticeable to the young and old that the old-year rails are served slowly and unevenly: stacked. From the sent, I-2 versts are farther than the rail, laying is suspended, - After 2-3 weeks, they brought, still, the rail continued -huddles way. Thus, to August. We’ve survived a month. final but rail verst. " 8-9, i.e. passed, for Dolguminakhyod, they didn’t reach the postal tract near the village of Maharya a bit. . . . . . . . . . . . . . At the end of July 1, 1914 a war was declared, with Germany. O-in. / d year, travel from the Government received official recognition that the rails, the old year, all - will go until the border is not visible, closer to the front, in case of construction, which may be required, access railway. on. for the front, all, strovitsіyasa • access roads - to, mains while the Government is invited to stop the construction, so ... ...! the rails will not be released. Out of all the breeders, it turned out that they had more • only Dolguchinn position: before their factories, it was new-arranged, all the same, they already went on goods, trains, brought in building materials for the same branch - and as a private one, the cargo was in 1914 delivered, for. Dolgushinsky factories from the Kotlas line: - firewood and other: measles.Спіостановкой х / д. the buildings. Slobodskoy Netka, engineer. KvғXkovskiy, taken out of this: she moved her apartment and the office to the city of Vyat ku, where she moved and continued to live until 1916. His car: was requisitioned - for the front, for war, he: I knew a couple of horses, and rode around Vyatka already, the carriage was on horses, but I personally almost didn’t meet him, not his name yet: he did, the main thing: for; I have a lack of time. At first, the employees of the Kvyatkovskago engineer also lived in Vyatka, and later they gradually went away to St. Petersburg, and, finally, they all parted. Slobodskaya was building up, the branch was already without me during the roarlucii, once I had already died in Turkestan and abroad. . ,,, ::_______1409_______.tmu)- When did the railway line finally begin to be built? from Zagarskago - caaosta on Slobodskoy through debt to the ears, then: Sapolikovku: they drank on the right bank of the river Vyatka, against Laptevsky and Poskrebn ”;• Evanskiy zavoңov, on peasant meadows a piece of land and the Bistroy: whether on this site: match factory. Partially in the factory on the shoregu. Vyatka worked the tree for matched straw, and then “solQku” - they were already transporting into the village of Sapozhnikovskaya, they were finally processed on"compare, but afterwards all the production of comparison was changed into a new dub• Riku, "on the banks of the Vyatka River, and completely reconciled it: with a loss of it." . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .All copies of the railway station, rel. and the incoming and outgoing Telegrams were kept in full order and remained in the village of Voznesensko-Vakhrushev. Bo is the time of Renault 1 Junior, ” Best price, priceoneone;;“and destroyed. . .. ... ..... ..from?5....but-, PP. I. Aleksandrov, read all of the above regarding ./l. - Vetka ot: Zagarskago bridge for Slobodsky, extended briefly, Supplementlench essay Holunitskago the furnace of the Vyatsky district - Gubernsky Zem• Skim collection at the age of three, when “personally P.A. Vakhrumen was not.vowels, i.e. in 1910 and 19 I years ”,“ & L.I; During the construction of Aleksandrov »:: nѣ vѣki on Slobodskaya nastaiv & Lл built on the railway station for the cityYes Slobodsky in Sloboda Demyanka, near the Makhnev factory exclusively *. To extend: 'This: • Doi Kholunitskikhfactory, tak. “As at the Makhnev factory is more convenient" Vesta for, hel.~ a little expensive bridge over the Christmas-tree: 1 ... ... .... ... .. “, Згі -, :: Въ1911. с пріѣздомъ яъ, Vyatka governing body: StateBank, Gladimir Ivanovich. Shchelkova, his - with T8 piaya daughter Nataliya :: bnla od -- g - gthat.nih lt with my daughter Deley, who studied at the Vyatka gymnasium_______1410_______the last class and Natalia i Tselkova were admitted to the Vyatka gymnasium and the last classes, Msya, the daughter of Lelya became very friends: at Natasha •• Int. cova. and began to go one to another at guests. Съ, кіми эцңң was the friendship daughter of the architect Ivan - Appolonovich Charushin, also one of them. they spent all the evening together and went to the theater ”went campaign B revenge, and my elder son Vincent was 2 years older than them and slightly looked after Natalya. Shchelkova: - Once upon a time, I decided to suck Natasha: I asked Lelya to invite Natalya to ride around the city "on our horses. Lelya agreed on the phone to eat Natasha, having told her that after a while she would come and stop at the bank, and Nat sha let not hesitate, see the window and immediately go out. Wiken tij dressed in a kaftan, hat, fake a beard, on: he threw a good blue to the net. / just brought from Petersburg /, got on the goat, and Dell sledges in the back. Drive up to the bank. Natasha immediately she went out and sat down to eat Lelei and went. Natasha began to say her haynn and impressions. They went around for an hour and again lifted a can. Natasha began to say goodbye to Lelei, kissing, and Viken threw off his beard, stretches out his hand and speaks : "I would eat Vasa for a tea, barn. * She looked at him and said: "Kenya, somehow let me down, but I didn’t recognize me, and all the time I chatted and said to Lel’s all nonsense, I didn’t think that you’re eating with us and you’re saying everything,In 1912, our daughter Lelya and Natasha Nelkovі completed the full course at the gymnasium. Delia received a medal for her studies. The druva between the two continued. In the fall, the spouse of the governor 9 Tatyana Ivanovna StrakhovTit28 hSky arranged for evening theater, for the benefit of the barwhether a small play, and then vice-governor's wife Dyachenko stageddances-zlenu 9t. 2 ladies were invited to the participation of kncim in this dance;_______1411_______.ANBUT.go12Eonefrom.....Пісн.one,t.SWe are Vyatsky Sofiters. and 2 young ladies: Natasha Tselkova and our Delia. Ms. Dyachenko, Sana, didn’t perform in the dance, she performed, but also a month and a half. four of you taught. and repeatedly rehearsed. All 4 of them had the following words: “You are the same - the shadkov dove dove dresses gio” “modѣ Catherine’s time. -men and on their heads are bigger, silver-wined underneath wigs, powdered. Almost no such place was seen in Vyatka, all kinds of ballet.with impatience, for the performer. Bcћ four were worried. Finally,. the curtain rose, all four - began to dance. "Manuet, very confusedbut also for a long time, I’ve shed the first number, sluggishly. At the end, the friendly applause of the whole theater was heard and incessantly, required. •niya: "bis". , all 4. the performers also made sense of "encore", just a little - cut a repeat or a lot more lively and better, and continued the following 2great enthusiasm .. Success, huge, was revived all evening. The organizer of the evening, the wife of the governor T.I. Strakhovskaya warmly thanked the vice-governor Dyachenko and all, all four, performed. - Tel FiITs. Manuet. ... ... ..... -? February 1912, we are married to Apollinaris. Alekseevna was etched away. Voznesensko-Vakhrushevѣ anniversary, 25th anniversary of our marriage, "silver wedding". The guests were taken from Vyatka and Slobodsky to a half-hundred people, among whom there were taken! I am managing the V.I.Schelkov State Bank with the whole family, managing the SiberianBank-Alexander Markovich Olennikov with his wife, manager i., Volga-Kamskago Bank - Luka Nikolaevich. Kiryanko, Iқan. Ignatievich - Laptev and others. Iz-Slobodskogo, all higher, bureaucracy of a distant city. From Vyatka bnl brought an orchestra of the military forge, which played on the upper floor, deputy and went all evening; dance Bal - T & ntsam I opened with Apollinarii. Alekseevna, prop and waltz immin didn’t dance anymore, and the youth continued. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..-P2t._______1412_______*2gAll senior on the lower floorѣ played carte-prefered and screwed up, table at 15. The mass was “relatives and friends brought in and sent by mail gifts, silver things, including which were“ silver and silver ”with silver cups and saucers and cup holder mixture and 'eat crystal glasses. A bucket of sebesnary with koyash ikom for a punch, several silver teaspoons, a spoon, a salt shaker, and so on. Almost every family who attended the “silver wedding boo” rio * local custom I read a long time to bring or send “salt bread” / cake: - By chance, a lot of Vyatka cakes for • our silver wedding baked in Yakubov confectionery, the distance is the same, only different tastes: On the cake, the salt shaker was seen showing “a bird’s sugar, in which the sugar dove and the dove and 12 small eggs were placed under them. / according to the number of our children /: All were filled with cakes window sills in all rooms, la: cca was about the telegram of congratulatory messages from Petersburg “Mo s kyn, Vyatka and Slobodsky ot tkhkh lyits, who for some reason is not himself. could get to the porridge "silver wedding". The celebration lasted all night, dinner began at 4 o'clock and ended at 7 a.m.The conductor, the tanitsyov Yakov Ni - kolaevich Khudozhidov, brought a great deal of liveliness among the dancing. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . *,In the spring of 1912, our second junior Nikolai, graduated from the course "Nestia of the classroom real school Ръ Вяткѣ, received a certificate for full. Secondary education, and in the fall, September 26, 1912 he went to school.former master of ours, Simonov Mikhaylonovich Bölolfsko vGerma - nyu, in - Freiberg / Saxony /, where I was previously trained Bülulsko leatherwork mastery: for "did the Higher Leather School in Freibergѣ enter? -requiredіatD_______1413_______.'.t".BUTYesTonehave a certificate for secondary school and “one-year practice in one of the first class of tanneries, as well as for the fact that the past was in Freiburg and the best, and besides that, Mr. Exter” Max. At the Freiburg Institute, I thought it was a pain for me to get practitioner for a goal for sure at the entrance of the III techera. Bla 1 year because I, for my time, had been a intern at “for water, I proved myself well, I’m going to that nan sun Niko lai bnl 'illteherom accept on general terms. He entered practical training almost to school, as a boy of 16 or "X7 years. The first time he left his parent's family abroad, almost did not know the German Language, Practical work had to be done. Along with the black workers, starting to dismantle the skin, as he If you get water, if 2-3 pounds, cheese, you need to unfold them, pick them up, pick out the roll and the spoon. Worms crawl out of the unsalty place; the unusual boy was all disgusted, and most importantly, it’s hard, not at all . Although the amount of “work it was not required from him, strictly defined, but “factory” was set up so that every master was hung up at the factory or in a strict or valuable way, but on the last day he was obliged to spend a certain amount of work on time. The student will be given “free of charge”, especially the student under the guidance of this special worker of workfills everything that seems to him a stіlіtsіalist Ned tѣmmi consons, which• enter the lesson-specialist "and for the processing of which he receivesearnings? Thus, it turns out that the student works for the student - for free and last for all the work done by the student; receives a fee from the owner: himself, but for that, the specialist learns the student and spends his time showing. him how to send and follow correctlyFri.1m_______1414_______.tunderstood the student. So that in the interest of the working special isst, it is sooner right to show the student so that he, the last days more, work for him and less take his time for correction. About working in the first herd and processing the skin "or two, the student translates Butts after the next stage of processing coma in gold and so on. to the full of the entire skin, nezdѣ by. 1-2 weeks, and finally, cutting, sorting, sorting, painting, and the most. Last -th office, where to go, also go through all the office work to make up. calculator. - prices, as at the cost of processing. -kozha in each of them separated and in general of everything. Also, the student must pass, practically: training, how to save money, and considering the cost of a lot of money, materials, working hands and capital, at the expense of expenses for snph € and during the stay, which The pupil must calculate commercial profit: both overhead expenses and calculate at what price it is necessary to sell the goods. All these practical and scifi works are very useful for every student, but in this case our son Nikolai was still very young and weak: everything seemed to him very different l heavy: Low, low ”0, very tired, l, and cried. Grids at the factory (вече. so many regulations that can not have dinner, cry, fall asleep, not morning, go to the same work again, but later on I began to get used to it and get involved in hard work. At first I really missed myself, 10 almost every day or almost every other day I wrote II home, then I began to write 2-3 days later, and then I wrote one letter a week, and then that cassock. We also tried to discourage the letter. Raz, I received a letter from us early in the morning, I became interested in reading it, and while I was reading, I was 5 minutes late. Read to the end, bobom at home in the factory. See that. At the gate. the plant cost itself old and master teher. -Nikolai Vakhrushev’s student is also suitable in German. Go?elevenfourfromfrom._______1415_______.......steal his welcome good morning.Shteher dissatisfied with his tone of mind that he believes that if Nikolai "wants to be a good master, then he must teach himselfeven in small things neatly"Kolya - apologized, he wanted to explain that he was delayed because of the letter. His parents received it, but the owner said: * Go ahead, then we trust. * It had a big impact on Kolya: he was very neat at all before Ilyakh’s own actions, but since that moment, even more attentive and neat began to relate to all the little things in your life. I expected that Mr. Khekher had to relate to him and still waited for time to explain, but I still excusedAnd onI didn’t pretend that I would like to listen to the student’s explanation of practice-Kant for or: 0 job placement. But all pupils of the interns, Piteher treated very kindly and looked at them not as workers, or not as schoolchildren, but as students, a highly professional school, where he was a trustee. At work, in factories, he always kept himself as a student, strictly speaking, while in private meetings in the city or at home, he was relative to him, as equal in position, as in younger age. I invite all schoolchildren to be practitioners on holidays on their own at home and on family habits or evenings, all at once or singly.During my studies at the factory of my dream, Nikolai, tech had three students: two Frenchmen, sons of French french leather breeders, and the third Russian son was Nikolai. I see to him Ts {those dick more than all blessed my son Nicholas; more often than not, French tsuzov invited himself, and on New Year's Eve annually, or Christmas on Christmas, a Christmas tree is arranged. Everyone, relatives, friends and all servants, and apprentices, as equal guests, are invited to the Christmas tree. All the present owner and hostess give out gifts at the Christmas tree, for.,E_______1416_______.previously intended to whom some gifts should be given. Kolya got better. Comparatively with his French colleagues, gifts are better; therefore, it can also be assumed that Mr.! / Teher favored him more. At first, working at the factory, pricking on the printer ... ............one.ideal me L.M10 meme speech,_______1440_______. comrades began to smoke, started a pipe and even shot a photograph of a graph in a working blouse and took a pipe in his mouth, depicting a German worker said: he was about a year old, but then he found that it was not good for his health and quit smoking and even lost the habit of completely for now, doesn’t smoke at allѣ.Taking into account the fact that for the first time, have you left your parent’s home? I greatly missed Herman’s, we wrote to him, so he asked. gap at gospldi on StekherChristmas, i.e. December 25, a diligent style, to us home, - the village of Boznes nsko-Vakhrushevo, for two weeks, but if Mr.\ The stekher admits that this is a detriment, then let him not let it through.In Germany, the holiday of Christmas of Khriyotov, as for all days in general, was considered in a new style, i.e. two weeks earlier than Russian. On Christmas Day, having received gifts from the host, Kolya informed his owner that he had received a letter from his parents to invite him to our holidays home in Russia, but on condition that the owner found that the stay would not be detrimental to our business and his studies .technician, did not approvely approve and advise you to exit 4, Krizdzd your Kolya at the time of December 24, prіkhkhal in Vyatka, and the next day, i.e. January 7, on the day of Epiphany, you went back to Germany. For the technician and for the administrative factory administration, Kolya bought small gifts, Russian herbal caviar, Russian cigarettes, and from the country’s handicraft warehouse I bought wooden cigarette cases from the Karelian birch, I’ve got a whole mouthpiece and I’ve got to eat .- 3:41, 2 i ... @ i іm.,4 + 152:_______1441_______ . Having been at home, to be born, he already began to get bored of the menu, work began to seem easier, and he began to write letters home less often, I-E times a month. In parallel with the works at the factory to study the production of leather, he studied for a fee, studied with a nitsa professor and the German language. On a summer vacation home in Russia, it is not a matter of urgency, but, as indicated by tehra, do not go to a resort in Germany or to a New Year’s friend. In the fall of 1913, Kolya entered. in the same place in Treiberg, “Saxony, the highest professional vocational leather school for the graduate of the most thorough study of the leather production of theoretical and basic education at the factory training school, in practice and, moreover, I studied chemistry there and practically took it in the laboratory at the school. In the autumn of 1913, on November a month, with the assistance of Mr. lütecher, he received from the school director an extraordinary two-week vacation and so forth “He went home to Russia, to the wedding of his brother Vincent, and after the wedding he returned to Germany to continue studying , v Chreybergѣ.After a two-year course, taught at the school of leatherwork, Kohl received the title of assistant to the master and on July 12, 1914, spent the whole summer for the summer holidays, six days before the outbreak of the great war, because of which he could not come back to Germany continued his studies and stayed at home while he found a factory. During the war, the practical rations of B. Khuchennyi abroad were partially accepted in our country as water, but mainly, during the war, our factory was overloaded with work on the supply of Russian leather and all the time forone_______1442______ Russian army II, and then my sons, Vincent and Nikolai, would have been completely occupied, together with me, the delivery workers from the factory for the Command, there’s nothing to write about in the following chapters -wahErIt began in 1912. The quartermaster, Lieutenant Colonel Y. N. Khudozhilov, received a derevod from our factory in Orenburg. to the post of Chairman of the quarterly commander’s commissariat, at the Orenburg Intent, there was a warehouse and a lot of money. I was all in charge of our factory’s boots to transfer temporarily to the young men of the Intek ~ Danish student of the New Year issue p. The commissary course located in our village factories. Ilyich and Ivakovich, including three or four officers, who had lived in the factory for the past six months, carried out the bulk of the goods with the whole Vakhrushevs, and in our free time, we had a friendly time with the entire officer company and our team . prіemshchikom, I.N. Khudozhilov ..Transferring copies and contracts that were handed to Khudozhilov, our factory, the student officers learned that we had a firm, besides a long-term contract for the warehouse and a contract for the supply of boots taken for sale, our company still has a contract for the supply of boots to the Standards was 30,000 pairs, the quantity transferred by our company in Petersburg ѣ Ya. I. Serebrennikova, at the price of 6 rubles, 65 kopecks, and the same contract is for A.A. II.Pdіt_______1443_______ - Brothers Nikolay, Alexed and Dmitriy Ilyich Vakhrushevs and brothers Mikhail and Nikolai Ivanovich Vakhrushev, having their own factories the last day of the current year and having eaten our company and eaten half-baked private agreement: all submitted to the auction. The intendance is yours. the amount of the boot to be taken from the auction is for all four of them - the shoe manufacturers in equal parts, the delivery of the Intent not to the sellers but to the cut goods, not to reckon our distribution to the four, but to do this individually or to enter into a private factory - other mi: Laptev, Zonov and others. Likewise, private sales of leather goods, or from any of them to private individuals or by incorporating de niam, everyone can conduct independently, at their own discretion, without bringing to the notice of others.: Therefore, we didn’t want to say anything about Serebrennikov’s contracts for quantities shredded from Serebrennikov, although for intent, we considered it a private matter, we didn’t tell anyone about it, and, besides the factories at our plants, we didn’t even know how many of these existed. contract. Having received copies of the contracts from Lieutenant Colonel Khudozhidov, the student officers who were in the shoe factories at the Vakhrushevs brothers, the brothers, Ilyichen and the brothers Ivanovich were surprised that our companythere are three contracts, and the rest of the factories have one contract, the Nolgushi for two contracts, naively began to ask Ilyich and Ivanovich why they took contracts from the International for only one contract, and the Sedorovichi, except for the long-term Irkutsk contract, and There is a contract with St. Petersburg district. Intent to manage 30,000 pairs, taken over from Serebryakov, by mutual agreement for the price offrom:one}BUT.,andto:_______1444_______ . 6 rubles. 05 kopecks. And the same contract is held by A.I. Dolguni, that this means, Ilyichi and Ivanovich were surprised that at the public auction this quantity was not shown and no one knew what the number was, how and where it came from, they didn’t understand. Ilyichi and Ivanovich came to our firmѣ and then to Aol gushi well, art. claiming that we take 30,000 rubles each for Serebrennikov’s interest for Peterburgskogo Intendanism, prot: 1 terminate this word that all deliveries of ready-made supplies for Intent are given, we are the Vyatka group, we distribute the valleys between four factories in four parts, we require from you and from A.P. Dolgushi for our last contract. the amount of reapply from Serebrennikov, to dilute the naga in half, i.e. before e! We didn’t have to talk to them about the delivery of 15,000 shar. debt long, saying that our agreement was only on the amount provided. Intendance to public bargaining. C% of the bargaining we took equally for four Vyatka shoe factories, and the private hours is our private agreement, no one is concerned, for tomorrow I can still take from Alabuzov or Moscow from Mandel Raitz. In return, I, at the very same time, will give you obligations: that I will pay the rest to you, you can do it yourself, re-accept and for whatever you like it doesn’t concern me, I don’t I’m not going to work, and I don’t even take any interest in what conditions. ”You took, as well as you, to give your report or report to you about your private actions, I didn’t think you needed and I won’t continue. Also, I will not give a single pair of this delivery to you.X ..fifteenKІ-E_______1445_______I was at this time due to my wishes in Petersburg. Ilyichi and Ivanovich came to our company, I wanted to transfer deliveries of 15,000 pairs to Pavel Fedorovich. Pavel Fedorovich denied that he was unconscious of the agreement and the terms of the amount accepted All this was handed over to Petr Petersburg, Petrov, Aleksandrovich, in addition to bargaining, and some benefit was given to Serebrennikov, returning compensation, the latter, although I have agreed to it later, I believe that this is a private matter and I have to say that it should be passed on to you half the quantity, togmay it be unfair, why did our company incur expenses and Pyotr Aleksandrovich., because of this, I lived another extra month after trading in Petersburg, and you immediately after the auction all left home. Ilyichi and Ivanovichi said that they would gladly spend half the expense of the amount that you donated silverfish in kind of compensation for the transfer of the quantity, as for the fact that Petr Aleksandrovich and Dolgushi lived almost a month after trading in St. Petersburg, we are talking about this do not begin to discuss or transfer money for money, not knowing whether they are solely for the acceptance of the shoe contract from Serebrennikov and whether they lived on other things. Aavel #edorovich categorically declined to discuss this issue, saying that you negotiate before the bidding to get Aleksandrovichev, take it off and continue, soon you will go home, then you will talk to him about that and about the amount of Serebrennikov. Having returned home , Ilyichi three brothers and Ivanovich, two brothers, came to many demands that our company and Dolgushi not transfer them from SerebrennikovskagTTE!to_______1446_______15,000 pairs of supply each time, and they would have received half of the compensation paid to Serebrennikov. But before they came to many, Paul appeared. Fedorovich and I fell from his bonds; they were in negand that he and he turned away. In addition, I went to Vyatka at the train station and accidentally shot 4.4. I heard a lot of conversation and I ate it with Ichi and Ivanovich about the Serebrennikovsky contract, but because I was completely in the course of everything and at the same time%, when I talked about it, I would eat Pavel Pavel I wondered from him the claimed demand by Ivanovich and Ilyich, but what is your opinion, should I not give them 15,000 delivery couples and 8% of the Serebrennikovsk contract, moreover, that they offer to return the proportion in half of the price of Serebrennik issued by us to Serebrennik, , Receive in May for the supply of 6 rub.05 cop. for a couple does not seem very interesting, rather even almost unprofitable. Pavel. Fedorovich. rejected $ that he wasn’t, at the same time agreeing to trade, but if you agreed to the Vyatka group to extend only the amount presented by the Intendancy to the auction, then they have no right to demand that you split the Serebrennikov quantity, and therefore I advised to stop Your right and nothing to transfer, regardless of whether there will be much or loss, but only we will take everything ours + we took, and we have made it ourselves. It would be nice if they took a private transfer from someone else, probably they wouldn’t come to us to share.Taking into account everything I have heard from me from A.A. Dolgushin and ot Pavel Fedorovich regarding the Serebrennikov contract, I heard the brothers Ilyichei and the brothers Ivanovich, calmly thank you -,_______1447_______ . til and my esteem is not the same as a half-hearted nb, adding that we had an agreement before the public auction, we will precisely observe it, i.e. the entire amount presented to the auction was taken by the Vyatka group of shoe manufacturers in equal quantities and at the same price, so as not to miss the supply to either Moscow or other countries.The same quantity of quartermanship was provided for bidding by the uniform workshops before the auction, so this amount was not published by auction. You left home, but we accidentally stayed and we came to San Yakov Ilyich Serebrennikov to buy a cut from us for credit and advise and assist in buying Bruap Tsyn and Osipov’s credit so that we didn’t talk to them, but we refused to go to them the last time, on the fact that he agreed to transfer to usѣ the supply of a part of his quantity provided to him by the Intendencies. We had to bargain for a long time for the amount that he was willing to receive for his benefit, or compensation for the amount transferred. Finally, we agreed on a certain number, eat that we would give him money in advance, just when the commissariat was to break up this transfer and we we will sign with the Intendancy contract. We agreed on a general agreement — we paid him money, and the Intendanism concluded an official contract with us. at a price that is cheapWhose deliveries were delivered to us all from the newly held sales. The treasury benefited from this business and, having benefited from the cost of the pregnancy, he calculated the amount that he would have had from deliveryone,5_______1448_______of this party, if he had developed this part, san at his factory, the seizure of goods was granted to him by intendance, as well as the Ivtendanism forced him to procure salogs - seizing his goods, i.e. buy at your own expense and risk, Serebrennikov, not when not working out your goods and not having experience; nor a loan, he preferred to accept our offer and B8yat 0% for the same benefit without working, and the Intendanism, anticipating, albeit a small benefit for casinos, allowed this transfer to be completely legal. We consider this a matter of private. For Serebrennikov, there was still a delivery of 40,000 pairs, but if you are interested in it, contact him and try, if he is able to transfer it to you under the same conditions. Finally, a similar supply will inflate ў Adelkhanov, Т Tiflis ѣ, ѣ ѣ ѣ - you all knew that we sold Adelkhanov a consumable shoe product every year, and no one raised a dispute and now if you or we sold Adelkhanov or Banetsnikov cut shoe to lend or for the present, no one would go to our business and demand the report “that” of our people. We may still be negotiating “thieves with Adelkhanovyn, for perfect i.e. put for him about the number of ready-made boots or sell ready-made boots for us, so we should wait and ask for your sale or agreement whether you will extend delivery with us to Adelkhanov. not be satisfied.one.5. ---_______1449_______R.Ilyich and Ivanovich threatened that they would reserve the right to freedom of action and would try to take revenge and leave, andAleksey Ilyich stayed for a minute to tell% alone, please try to remove this thing peacefully and give it back, and this amount, since this is a lot of interest for not a single party, but it was all just an ambition, each side eats us on your own and., it’s probably better to end peacefully, otherwise the trouble will go away, brew the porridge, you won’t be glad. * he didn’t take what he was hinting at and said that we hadn’t done anything against the law, there’s nothing to be afraid of us, and to transfer my% or part, voluntarily, I could I wish that if there were a sole owner and you would have the fairness of the claims presented to you, there would be complete injustice, not justified on anything, but the flow and my company would have Fedorovich categorically stand against the transfer of any part the number of withdrawn from the contract reapplied from Serebrennikov. After hearing this, Alek shy Ilyich shrugged and walked away after his brothers. .Later, however, it turned out, while I was in Petersburgѣ, that Ilyichi and Ivanovich, having received a final refusal, from a half-hearted one and an undetermined answer. After Pavel Fedorovich., they began to consult with their successor officers on what to do in order to force us to transfer half of the amount of delivery of the accepted contract to Serebrennikov. They asked their partners to view them together to review all copies of our contracts, in order to find out in contracts, any ambiguity for which it would be possible to grasp and protest the contract.one,5g.---—- .._______1450_______ . ѣ all contractsѣ of the current year 1912, it turned out that they were handled exactly the same as the one contracts, because they were all executed in the same St. Petersburg District Inten - data and almost all in one month were even written in one and with the same hand. There were no hooks. But our long-term Irkutsk contract, although the story was written in the same ll Petersburg region. The quarterly Office, but two years earlier, namely in 1910, the contract was a small but significant development. In conditionals published annually before the auction, goods supplied for the supply of International goods are sold, as it is said, they are all for breeders who donate treasury goods that were given at their own factories; The activities of their factories, as determined by the technical committee of the Central Executive Office, and, in the case of deliveries from other countries, factories, suppliers are required to present cash liens at a rate of 10% of the total amount avki. When, in Petersburg, I entered into an Irkutsk long-term contract, I knew this clause was conditional and also knew that we would manufacture halts from our soft boot goods, and the sole and soles would be removed from the purchased goods. large plantar plants, from. Brusnitsypa- and Osipova, at least for the first time, and after that, we had the assumption to set up our plantar plant%. pa Rusanovskoy land. In view of this, I did not turn the service fully into this clause of the general terms of Intendianism, published before the sale and printed on each contract. With the contract of the Irkutsk contract in St. Petersburg Intent_______1451_______- - --BUT.2x.one.+said nothing that part of the hard. goods will not be put into stocks of their own goods, but from factories, which specialize in developing air-conditioned soles. B% of our Irkutsk contract, it is said briefly that boots will be worked out. Thousands of goods were consumed primarily for production, and therefore the contract was concluded by the governor’s certificate, without any additional pledge, on general terms and conditions, all of these orders were executed on the basis of the 1910 -1912 goal, almost two years and the Chief Directorate , in the District of Intenda on TV, neither in Irkutsk, the Intenda, nor the prime ministers, in their own words, no one paid attention to this detail. The boots were obtained in Irkutsk ot - we are good; Irkut akii warehouse% received from its units of the army good feedback on the taxes that the Irkutsk District and 81 those in turn, in turn, had requested to enter the Main Commandant's Office in Petersburg. and. everyone was happy. Chief Intendan considered our company to be the best 11th contractor, and the contractor Khudozhilov, deserving of “increased services”, and therefore appointed him as the director of the quarterly commissions. . . . . . . .Starting from 19II, when - they began to show the supply of bids to bids. If you look like that, then we, the Vyatsk-shoe factory, collectively declared to you the Main thing. The quartermaster’s office after the expiration of the partially partially published conditions, i.e. General conditions so that breeders who develop soft. boots and their shoes, mechanical shoe factories, were admitted to the auction for the supply of ready-made boots, removed their own goods, and soles andonefour,g.t..and41soles to those boots, could be admitted fromcommodities, eat plants, supplying. Intendanism, without extras... .-aaa.:_______1452_______togeereal money liens, but in general terms. according to the Governor skim testimonies. The Main Quartermaster Office prize imposed our application in full legal and expedient terms and immediately introduced the aforementioned amendment to the general condition and from 19II onwards, they began to print these additional, isif penalties of the general conditions for all new contracts.And you should then pay attention to this and ask the Main Commandant's Office to make an order from our last long-term Irkutsk contract for the former. conditions, for a new change in the general conditions, which could be unhindered at the same time. However, neither I, nor the Quartermaster. Khudozhilov. "Nago did not pay attention to this, but everything had been going well for two years and everyone thought that they should go ahead and go to the end of the contract term.But the Iliichi and Ivanovich, looking through our contracts with their quartermaster, drew the attention of the officers to the fact that the contents of the contracts were almost the same, but the general condition attached to Irku to such a contract remained old, existingUntil 19II, a soldier with no cash liens, it was impossible to put a purchased sole on the boots, but it was required that both soft and hard shoe goods, which should be exclusively provided for- Plantѣ, In the house ѣxta nie submit a security deposit .; povidinonu, Fedorovich deliberately kept silent when concluding a contract that the soles would be alien to them from factories, and the foreman. ..ud, because of an oversight, Zhilov didn’t pay attention to it, and perhaps, for bribes, he, I didn’t know this point._______1453_______EThe young officer officers, who were at the Ilyich and Ivanovich factories, were delighted to have the opportunity to curry favor with their flavors, and reported to them about the wrong actions of the old commander of the commander, but not from among the new students. and the old practice of Intendanism, without hesitating, however, to avoid getting into trouble, knowing that the Chief Quartermaster treats our company exceptionally well, and also that the commander, under colonel Budozhilov, is listed by the quartermaster in good standing and even just received an increase for excellence in their ў services ѣ in the quality of the quartermaster’s commissary. Until all together they decided to throw out their return from Petersburg and then personally talked to me about the delivery of supplies, after the fifth from Serebrennikov. In case of refusal, to threaten a lot of denunciations of the Quartermaster about violation of the general conditions of the long-term contract, and then later continue.Upon returning to my home, on the next day, I would like to attend or to Iliichi and Ivanovich with the demand, so they’re together! In addition to the officers-successors, they had already developed a long-term plan, and therefore they boldly and persistently expressed their demand and, having received from me a negative reply, openly and firmly expressed their assent to the threat that they would leave their right to themselves bauds of the farthest, - ACTION. However, Aleksey Ilyich, knowing, according to Vadim about the roof, that they intended to take further steps, he did not willingly agree to this and, therefore, on the eve, asked me to peacefully give in! And AF the requested amount, so as not to start and finally aggravate our relations, despite this and not being aware of itselfno guilt ilv any illegal actions before_______1454_______one.rThe commandant, I was not afraid of their threatsѣ or, on the contrary, didn’t titrate them in any way, say, let them say that Iliichi and Ivanovich want to do it, when they returned home, they ultimately told their officers that if they weren’t intent to inform the Chief Quartermaster about If the Fedorovich’s territory was approved by Colonel Khudozhilov,%, then they themselves will not immediately be on their own. To the Chief Quartermaster.Then the officers-inspectors infused that the breeders did not make a denunciation, because this does not concern them and they could not know anything if the officers had not shown them trustworthy foreign contracts, for which they, officers, did not have the right. But the Kurdid officers sent a report to the Main Quartermaster Office saying that, when they transferred the lieutenant colonel to remove their own business, on the subject and temporary opening to the Fedorovich plant, they also noted that under the long-term contract for the Irkutsk , trading house. F.T. Vakhrusheva's sons undertook to make excuses and exclusively from their goods, i.e. issued at his factory, but their factory is planted on his goods. he makes and sells this product of the St. Petersburg soles, the ov and ga factory can make boots with a purchased sole, which, in the course of two years, was received by the lieutenant colonel Khudozhilov), apparently, he voluntarily didn’t have any documents whether this has been reported at the time of the Main Inten Dents Management. We personally, taking for ourselves the continuation of the visit to the factory of the Trading House F.T. Vakhrushev, the sons and the painter, having accumulated contracts, do not consider it possible to allow_______1455_______RAYS:PETER-.- .--l5In the future, such a deviation from the requirement is subject to the general conditions for the exact fulfillment of the contract, until we receive from the current version of the Office of the official permission to allow such deviation or the corresponding specified. Immediately this was requested or requested by the officers, the students sent to the Main Interactive Directorate to St. Petersburg, without telling Lieutenant Colonel N. Khudozhilov, but the official part of the denunciation, but not the same, the same officer-cursors, commissaries, or even Nicholas Pole, I don’t remember his last name, but it seems like B искliBaku, and maybe neither one nor the other / I will ”call him Baku, wrote in private letter to one of their comrade-student curriculum officers, that they had disclosed the Entente Ghanaian Panama, to the factory, T. D. F. . T. Vakhrusheva sons, namely, that the commissar’s officer, a hundred and several officers from the Main Commandant’s Office, admitted that there were tereses, the breeder, very serious from Cyrilenie, when he made the boots against the conditions required for the goods to be shipped, factory, boots were produced from goods hiding from different factories and without permission from the Main Quartermaster Management Office 9th. eternally, lasted with the quartermaster ”- the borrower and staying in, there are rumors that this friend, the lieutenant colonel, received two currents from the company of T.T. Vakhrushev, Sons, three of them are tied up , he received higher services, and is being transferred by the Chairperson of the Quartermaster of the Commission to Orenburg. :- әйгеXit.: t.t?_______1456_______anot -<"lfour.g-.We . the same group of young officers who graduated from the main courses are deeply outraged by all of these, but we cannot officially take anything, even check the rumors that are going on. it’s not possible and therefore, without accurate material evidence, we can’t inform the higher authorities about it. It is possible that these cases are spread due to the envy of this company by other breeders and competitors, but it’s also possible that this is part of the rights of the ud, because there is a proverb “there is no smoke without fire”, but, in any case, no one can guarantee it for us, for the reliability of these rumors. Subsequently, it turned out that this private letter was, in a private way, brought to the attention of the Chief Invandant General Shuvaev.God yes, the Chief Quartermaster received an official denunciation or a request for a request from the head of the department to find out if they were suffering. This is the interests of the state and, why, all the other terms and conditions are applied to the amended terms and conditions, and to this Irkutsk contract, completely different general terms and conditions and finally% to find out why neither the company nor the price have been asked to be sent in time for This contract is a new general condition. At the request of new applicants, “the students must be stopped in order to temporarily suspend the fulfillment of the Irkutsk contract, and the program must be changed for other contracts., With the acceptance of the new + general terms and conditions. . the head of the department, upon inquiry, reported to the Chief Tenant that the Irkutsk contract was accompanied by the general conditions that existed at the time of the conclusion of the contract in 1910 and, int!-BUT;_______1457_______onethe contract did indeed say that the company undertook to procure boots from its goods.But in the 19th year, the condition was changed to make sense, the shoe factory was allowed to make boots according to the governor’s cue, it was seen without additional money liens, the goods weren’t sold on their own. Why did the quarterly commander fail to promptly request compliance with the terms of acceptance of the five new general terms and conditions of this contract. In dulah. The Main Interant Management has no data and it is only to be assumed that some of the pre-sold goods were not produced on the water of this company and, when making a contract for the Irkutsk contract, the soles of its product were put on, and for the rest of the contract, the soles were bought. Mofeyy will be allowed to send a request to firms or to the distributor, in addition to the sent one, has already been ordered.Chief Intenda yat rѣshil call Lieutenant Colonel Udozhilov in Petersburg for personal clarification on this matter. Sudozhilov had an ambassador to the Telegra Television to immediately transfer everything to the stability manager T.E.T. Vakhrusheva Sons of the Headquarters to Captain Bakinsky and immediately to press in Iloterburg.But when the first telegram was received from the Chief Quartermaster, it was temporarily suspended to fulfill the Irkutsk contract and Shta.bs was instructed to Captain Bakinsky to carry out the seizing and production work at our factory under other contracts, leaving the work in the factory and assigning it a new factory I understood that things were not going well and on what basis the execution of the Irkutsk contract stopped, and many came_______1458_______-the idea is that Ilyichi and Ivanovich bring their threat into execution by using some kind of dirty fake denunciation .. I immediately went to Petersburg and came to the Main Quartermaster's Office to ask me to introduce myself to the Head of the Contract for a request for a request. The Head of the Detachment said that you had made a good trip here yourself, since yesterday you had an ambassador to telegram to Lieutenant Colonel Khudozhilov to call here and to explain. It was understood that you were obligated to make boots and 8 goods for your workmanship, and for the rest of the contracts, the boots are all made in the purchase sole, and new customers inform you that under the Irkutsk contract those boots are made with the purchase sole, which violates the law ask for the indicated Chief of the Standing Government. Based on this and the past, an order was given to temporarily suspend the completion of the Irkutsk contract, until clarification of the issue of whether not only soft boots, but soles are also partly delivered to your factory. It seemed that otherwise you wouldn’t have written a contract with the condition that the tax be paid outthe seizure of goods procured at their factory. “Tomorrow tomorrow, lieutenant colonel Khudozhilov, so you will report to him together and explain everything to the Main integrator.I noticed that signing a contract in 1910, we then started to pry out a sole in our factory, especially for using it for boots under this contract, but our experience turned out to be unfavorable and the sole turned out to be soft. : E to the workers who were even before she was thin, they n e_______1459_______BUT.E.although our sole is satisfactory in the contract, it’s worse than the soles of the Shetberburg factories and they preferred to make boots out of the purchased sole. On these terms, I continued on in 19th year and Khudozhilovѣ, moreover, that in III year it was offmtsialno changed by the Chief. By the quarterly management of all conditions, our company believed that this applies in general to all suppliers, for all contracts. In view of this, we guessed that even in 19II we needed to “petition the Main Command and Office for an order?” changes and changes in general terms and conditions of the Irkutsk contract.After listening to us, the Nayalnik from the Department said: Your explanation. he thinks, it’s business, but we thought that you had all the same part of the sole in the factories and today the Chief Quartermaster ordered to send a third telegram to the slave Captain Bakinsky: find out if the thread was made, etc., T. Vakhrusheva: Sons any part of the plantar product. If now you confirm that the sledge is not being released now, then there was no need to send this request today • Of course, you should have time to initiate an appropriate application or you would like to receive a loan to the receiver, and then all would have been okay complete order, but it is his and your emancipation or neglect of the house, for which you deserve to be reprimanded. To be afraid • you have nothing, but I advise you, to explain everything to the Chief Quartermaster in detail. He is not hiding him. Ovich personally treats you completely, and, V.V., will take into account that nothing serious has happened, but only an attentive attitude to change not the general conditions.one.1. L_______1460_______ - But the report by the duty officer on duty as the Chief Quartermaster, who also received me in his office, greeted me dryly, but after listening to me carefully, he said that if nothing was found out, then God would give it, adding the general ear, everything would cost bl safely. In Petersburg, called prі өmshchik. Khudozhilov and, in addition, additional plants were requested from the factory.Two days later, I went to Peserburg, lieutenant colonel ѣ Hoody fishing, and, having eaten the same train, my wife came to see me. I met her at the train station ѣ and imprisoned Yak. N. Khudoyasilova told him once again, speaking to the Head of the Separation and his look, it all worked, and then I introduced him to my conversation with the Chief Quartermaster, to whom he took me dryly, but after hearing me, he said that he called you You are requested from the factory for additional information from “but for the benefit of: the youngest buyer, but I don’t need any additional information they require yet, but I informed the Chief Quartermaster that at my factory we tried to work out a seam, but now. we don’t work out, ”because our subpalpaluchants are worse than the St. Petersburg plantar factories, the lieutenant colonel. Khudozhilov: said that although I did not write identically and didn’t ask for permission, I didn’t need to go to the Main Intelligent Management Department; The boss. Separations from the chairperson of the technical committee and the pavkak ties look at this.While I ... Khudozhilov. Vhal from Vyatka: St. Petersburg., What time is it in the village of Voznesensko-Vakhrushev are new? - prіemshchik ot {H those yazanstva headquarters captain Baku, having received ex. Glavnago Intendanstva telg;_______1461_______one...Nya..a gram to find out whether our factory works out, although by the way part of the bottom product and how much, quantity. Inviting to the apartment in the evening, Pavel Fedorovich Q R asked him this, questions: Pavel Fedorovich was confused and said that he got out, by the eye foliageѣ, it is necessary to consult the office ОOritser Bakinskі i ska zal, that tomorrow they are the whole group of officers ѣereiemshchikov who will come to the factory. and we need to draw up an act of inspection and to make the information better to the Chief Quartermaster. Pavel Fedorovich was more frightened than ever, knowing that at the moment the plantar goods. we didn’t make out, meanwhile, as He said that it was made out Not knowing what he should do, he returned home {began to consult his son in my place, Aleksen Ilavlovich. They decided that they were the only officers cold workers / at the factory do not need anything, when they arrive at the factory, they see the vats with their skins, look at 1-2 things and, satisfied with these things, inform Petersburg that they have lost ground and saw that the sole skin is tanned va chan nakh. Pavel Fedorovich called the master Vasily Ivanovich Gmyz dean, velѣl ө: xia. Soak the 5-6 boiled water in warm water and put them in 2-3 hours on top of the cetacean skin, dry the skins and when the waiters come to the plant. and ask where the plantar skin comes out, show them to these vats. Rmyz di v exactly and complete the order of the owner At Tro Al officers came to the factory and the master Iym di n ѣ ordered them to eat tea, they went to the tea house, they clenched their upper skin with their hand and examined, the skin was hardand even slightly salty, semi-dry. Then they immediately guessed that it was just framed skin and demanded to remove the upper braidspieces 10-15 of each vat._______1462_______. The worker dropped 2-3 skin and immediately found that under him healed in a yurt skin. Then the officers turned to the master I®miz din, asking him carefully what it means, tell me the truth, if you don’t want to be judged by you, fraud - are there planted plantar skin for this plant "and where such an extradition was made and why it showed vats, in which only semi-dry kokha was superimposed. Master Gmyz din denied that in the current year plantar skin was not removed at • yaademzavodi, and these “leathers were prayed by order of the owner, Pavel Udorovich, but for which it was ordered, he it is notorious my servant's cause is that 'the landlord ordered me to: and giants................• They sent for Pavel: “Fedorovich, so that he could come” to the factory, but through - the ambassador Yanago, he told him that he was ill and couldn’t come. Ofi tsers, the student-cursors, all this was entered into the protocol during the work of the factory workers and immediately about all the atom protlegraves were recorded - to the Chief Intendant.In the course of these two two, through the technical committee, the Chief Quartermaster received a private letter from the captain Bakinsky to his fellow student.Is it Main? The Quartermaster was finally indignant at the last act of the factory management of our company that they could have persuaded the young ones by fishing and officers, letting them know that they produce plantar cats, knowing perfectly well that this is how production does not exist. with us. All this is confirmed yet.So that it is not due to a misunderstanding, but directly bypassing the law, the soles of their products, soles of others, and factories were put on the cards.Ilpi enzik lieutenant colonel Khudozhilov. In the palm of the RB. 3. This was hiding._______1463_______:one•and this circumstance leads to the idea that the factory management did indeed take some kind of floor from it and lasted with it.When yes, Colonel Khudozhilov appeared to the Head of the Department, and the last time I had already heard about everything that had happened the last days, he frankly said, Had I caught that all this would have ended in nothing and would have been limited only to Brief for inattention, but there, without you, the last two days spoiled everything: we imposed on strangers aliens: ko, but childish, naive and stupid. To this: The Chief Quartermaster was very angry with the company and decided to send it to the military observer: 0, and then enter the military on time - Give a report% on the termination of the Irkutsk contract, but relate to you your appointment: in Orenburg; As long as the convention takes place, you will. are assigned to the Main Quartermaster Management of the Junior Table Head of the 2nd Division, i.e. to the same position that you occupied before leaving for the factory at the headquarters of the capital. The next day, the pillar. Khudozhilov - I introduced myself to Glavnova at Int, who received him very dryly and, having listened to him, said that you would not deny that the skin was not cut to the factory and you didn’t do it and said the same, 3 days II II .. Vakhrushev, and also wanted to start Obama, I’m convincing you of the opposition Nomja rѣshil to give the law a legal move. ' could find out for details. You will not remain at the Main Intent of the Danish Administration until the end of the investigation, according to the order of Glavio Inendant, this was before the Senator’s revision, Garina, who had already completed her revision of the Internal Audit, having begun*,f."E".*Іin 1907 where, after the Japanese war, but so far it still continued_______1464_______.to exist and take stock of its five years and its activityandone.andIn the same Senatorial revision was transferred to the Chief. And not Danish. Management and business of the Head of the First Division of the Main Intean, colonel. Akk Mova, denouncing him as a journalist Pisarev, who accused him of the last? While serving in the Vilansky and Warsaw military districts, he had friends of suppliers there. Intent and food, from which material benefits were gained, and, having switched to the Main Quartermaster’s service, he strives to provide Warsaw with 4 suppliers: a factory and a shop covered by the flag of charity, donated by the General Commissariat of Commerce, without the need for some kind of rum ѣ.: The Warsaw Docs labor of love was provided with a device for the exchange of a master workshop for the manufacture of all uniforms, i.e. uniforms, overcoats, shirts, and sarogs, both from state-owned goods, and, in part, from their own varieties. Besides this one Jewish private company, a supply of boots was provided to the right, as well as trade and this supply. It was not offered to any of the permanent suppliers in Peterburg, nor to Peterurgskov, Vyatka and other central regions, but was transferred to the western outskirts of Russia, from which, if necessary, all factories should be evacuated, from which obvious damage% - for . Is this not in vain for the interests of Colonel Akimov Ne and I are not. current data for this case, but rumors and reports about the stream bring to the attention of the Chief Quartermaster for the goodwill2one:L._______1465_______ . .His Excellency. Having received such a denunciation, Chief Oia Tendent personally summoned Colonel Akimov and offered to give an explanation to him. II Colonel Akimov said that all of the documents contained in this case proved to be true, as it was. in particular, namely, to often increase suppliers of ready-made stores and reduce the cost of those, well, the emerging new company, in view of the fact that local shoe manufacturers did not make concessions at the time at pr 0, your proposal Excellencies. When, after your consent, we gave confusion through uniform factories and workshops in different districts to Warsaw, the treasury from this one received huge benefits. So on some sarogahs, the annual profit amounted to about a million rubles, because the price for one ruble was 70 kopecks, it dropped to 6 rubles 20 kopecks, and partially even to 6 rubles.06 kopecks. However, we can, in private, prove to the public opinion that the accusation of Pisarev is not fair, and that we can’t keep silent or put on a cloth like that, he’s just journalism and is praying to start a newspaper controversy again, Why there’s no other way to convey this matter to the Senate revision rosslovdaniya and the public person to analyze this case. The Chief Quartermaster, General Shukaev, against his wishes should have agreed to these proposals and transmitted this report to the Senate revision, and the regiment went through, V. Akimov bnl temporarily suspended from the occupied andTum.s 17The details.....Avtie & Smodede ol her every "pririyativnost and in bankeral is understood..**_______1466 _______t-AnkhIn 1912, all over Russia, vowels were elected throughout the Zemstvo. In Slobodsky, I was again elected to the vowels of the local rally council, and I went to the provincial vowels from the Slovene region at the same time. Slobodskoho electedkhail gedorovichѣRusskih, a peasant Shepelevsky volost, the village of Volkova, a merchant with whom I was friendly otopenіyakh, and, by ubddenіyam, we were like-minded, #return vowel of the provinces? from Slobodsky uzd, on this connector was elected. Nikolai Dimitrievich Plus, neither the former / mayor of Slobodsky /, and the city entered the number of Slobodsky district vowels of the zemstvo. Semen Fedorovich% Mikhѣ өv, a carpentry contractor working in Demyanka, also a friend and a like-minded person. In the previous sobriety, I was a zemstvos, but the provincial congregation continued to elect me in absentia to the presence of one in the presence of one section Slobodskogo uzda.Tax Inspector in Slobodsky Uzdѣ on the 1st site was Stanislav Vikentievich. Kovalkovskiy, a very kind friend who was all the same persistent and cautious by hearing, having heard a dlak. He always treated me well, visited me at a party and was very considered a visit. However, after the posting of the folding party, he often left me to have breakfast at some place, that fish was cooked very tasty in his house, and the food was eaten from the backyard of the village of Vytyka. Before breakfast, they brought in a live gingerbread man and from it the hozayka herself, or the cook, having observed it carefully, prepared a sudochka, in Polish .06, of course, S.V.Kavaleevskiy drank very little..------four.gott._______1467_______ . vodka and wine; and, on a visit, I drank almost nothing, but when I took it with me, I drank along with everyone or some other guests, first of all, our guests, giving them a drink and giving them to drink if necessary keeping up. Once I had breakfast at Kavalkovskogo eat Nikolaevѣ Ilyich, and the last - I had a drink, but I almost didn’t drink it yet. C: B: Kavalkovskiy they drank - the guests had not had time to hang out at the competition, and the owner left the table . Mi thread after 10 mistress. I went to see where he went $ and returned and said that he was already sleeping in the same room, but after half an hour I woke him once; I askedѣ not to be- and persuade. and Nikolai: Ilyich, we asked the hostess to leave. In addition, I remember that once, after the folding presence, at the suggestion of A.V. Kavalkovsky, we were left with a breakfast to eat breakfast with Alexevichte plus Nin, then I started drinking vodka and .L. A.IIlus yai could also drink on the "competition. After the breakfast and having drunk pretty much, the hosts immediately went. to sleep, and we said goodbye to our mistress, and told me Ietru Hell. IIlyus Ninu, Although pretty drunk but not drunk. During the meeting, we were invited to both invitations% kab: seba Rafail. Vasilyevich Mach nev, on "demo yaku; I’ll go to university, but when I left Navalkovsko P.A. IIluspin invited me to come to my room to tell him that we were both leaving for demo girl Kakhnyev and that he would return home late. Alekoѣ - evich suggested. • Pour over: glasses of Benedicti for, I refused, that drinking water is harmful and eventhere is no demyanky nor -Mah yaeva for udi howl, but the master. He insisted and we drank two glasses of Benedik ti, well, and both crucifixes were naughty, in all we went riding my horses, Arkhnev E Prіozkaem that at about 8 o’clock in the evening, and at Makhnev’sst.-.G.from.STI: N.D. Plus none, s.Mikheev, me. LAR Spektorksiy and many others________1468_______ . all our common friends. Eating barely pacing I’m at ұI.A. Plus, we’re going in, supporting one another. Stayed at Makhneev, ALREADY SERVED for dinner and put vodka, vipa and countess on homemade kvass in a circle. I delayed and tortured you for a long time, but you gathered together and only Vasya and Pokh - the kid, the cake, are ready and we are afraid as if: it’s cool. Come up to the table, I had a drink with taka nѣ kvass. They all sat down at the table, and I felt that after the past kvass I had cleared up. Modalized the cake, poured everything on a rucksack vodka — piroperyogon, watch and I take and drink the half-stick, I feel that I’ve finally been refreshing it, I’ve realized that I didn’t see such a miracle, and ND Plus didn’t I couldn’t stand it; I expressed my surprise, remembering that when, we are up. Al and I came in, supporting one another, then everyone thought that they had given us nothing in vain, for neither would I be able to live. It turned out that we both sat down at the table and drank some wine, although I had half They completely opened their glasses and began to make a cake. Everyone was surprised and thought what it would mean, because no one noticed that before I got 4% I drank a cup of kvass and stood for about 15-20 minutes in the air, on the terrace. ”True I didn’t drink anything at dinner, saying that I do not feel well and, if you need me to drink, I am for After that, I was left at rest and the host was not at a bulldoze. At the end of the dinner, the raw and the host gave me a joke: one day he drank some limburgaky raw material, it smelled very good and we, say, threw it away garden%. A little bit - after a while he was lying there and then coming to visit us was the code for the match factory troller, that is, an excise official and we went out into the gardenon the terrace and breathing in the fresh airѣ say: something is at your door. .i_______1469_______ - - It smells very good, as if it were Limburg,% avrom. and went through the garden by the smell looking for where such a fragrance comes from. Finally,%, under the bush, he found a discarded piece of cheese, picked it up and brought it to the terrace, asked Kozhichөk, a tare, cleaned the knife and started eating, bread and touting, adding how you could throw such a request. He wrapped up the remnants in a piece of paper, with his own access to ma. I also talked about such a case with me: Governors of the Vyatka Separate Bank of the State Bank V.I. Schelkovo asked me to bring a pound of limbugrokogo cheese from St. Petersburg, but warned me that this cheese. it’s very unpleasant to smell, perhaps it’s better not to take it with you, or if you’re lucky, put it in the restroom, somewhere else. the upper pipe, and if you put your suitcase in, then you’ll smell all of it all — Baas will expel the car from the car .. I didn’t pay attention to it, I wrote down however I ordered a commemorative book and bought the raw material on the day of departure from Petersburg and put it in a traveling bag-in; Fur. We arrived with my wife at Nikolaevskiy Vok Zal very early, almost an hour before departure, I asked for the porters to take the baggage and, when they give us a ride, take a coupe for us to come in. Come the porrier and say, you can go on - gon mѣsta for you busy. Upon entering the carriage, the first compartment was occupied for us, I enter, Sniffing and I turn to the porter and say that the glasses do not smell good, probably, I eat the restroom next door. They took another coupe, I couldn’t hear the smell, the porter things In this place, in the middle of the carriage, we were pleased that the smell of the restroom would not reach us, we paid off as a porter, and we took our places on our way. For, it’s three that the audience began to fill the carriage and everyone was busy, but we began to feel that inside this compartmentON TR....._______1470_______ - the same odor was not pleasant, I went to look for a free compartment, but everything was busy and almost all of the compartment of our car slightly felt the same smell, but our smell more than others, and far away from our place, t .e. in, out of which we left, I smell the least and I regretted that we left; but there was nothing to do; I had to put up a foot in this compartment. It was impossible to open the windows "for tripping, it happened in the winter, so we reached Vyatka with open doors. I pulled up Vyatka and I began to put my tea devices and ties I’ve understood the raw material and then only understood that it was necessary to remove an unpleasant smell from him and remembered the warning of V. I. Shchelkov that it was “not a joke, but really he didn’t want to * abuse our courtesy and readiness to bring“ his order. but toDo not cause reproach that you didn’t “warn” what aroma was used from raw materials from Limburg.The next day, after leaving for Makhnevskago, we met again in the folding presence, but no. Al Plus, no sights were said to be sickѣ. Nicholas D.IIlus asked me how health? I answered it perfectly. I could not stand it and told me all the way that for the first time I saw such a case that a completely drunk person was able to stand for 15-20 minutes in the air, drank again half of the vodka and sobered up.The work of the elected members of the folding presence of the country and the city, at first I liked a lot, but in recent times I was disappointed, Tax inspectors try to use these elected members from among businessmen, for the benefit of the government, i.e. to increase the tax to the treasury. Initiative of the invitation of commerce tov in the folding presence is good, merchants are invited_______1471_______as if for self-incrimination, under the chairmanship, a taxable Inspector and for its revocation, and, if there is a disagreement, a member, a folding presence, the question is put to the ballot and the taxation of the taxable Inspector is only then transferred when the votes are equally divided and half it will be the vote of the taxing Insector, the question is considered to be resolved on the other side. As a general rule, if the vote is equal, the Chairperson's vote shall be considered two votes. In most cases it happens that the Chairperson conducts a subtle and subtle discussion all statements of businessmen ѣ turnover, businessmen by group or by branch of trade and industry, exacerbatewith each other. for skernyakov they established how they felt, a large percentage of profitability for taxation, that they are tryingestablish even higher percentage of marriage for a tanner or a tank of lei nyh and so on and vice versa .. many also have kinship, punishment and private friendship. All members of the zemstvo or city vowels took the oath in all cases, to act fairly to defend the interests of execution , not being considered neither rodstvo, nor friendship. But as I was convinced, almost all soon I will forget the words of the oath, especially when I touch my personal punishment. When I examine the application for the taxation of that commerce, which is a member of this case, this member goes into another room and, if it is suspended, or the determination of the amount of turnover, he did not participate, but only remaining in the interest of this question. By virtue of the same oath, they pledge to keep all secrets, i.e. and in this case, they should not inform whoever voted for the promotion or who is for the promotion. It often happened that on the next day you learn_______1472_______that:...BUTHENI,that you have only 35 ”members of the presence to say: yesterday a politician was imposed on me thanks to Ivan Ivanovich or Semyon Semenovich, I will protect him when it comes to him and if anyone wants to convince him that he is wrong, then he’s offended to say that You are hiding, because many of these have told my Kum or Swat so, he will not. deceive me. Personally, I had such a case: when I apply for a turnover, all industrialists or traders never show exact sums and books and do not show everything until I call either last year's amount or a little more or less. A storyboard through the membership of • Merchants deemed to be more sophisticated, so that the inspector {also themselves are charged with the same things, or are close to the rest taxable. Kommersssatam, it is better to know one another and should tell the truth, like an oath of allegiance, whether such a statement was made or minimized. Хтом - the Khersants, however, believe that if he himself declaredѣ, for example. 20,000 annual turnoverѣ, then it’s impossible to reduce, and if it seems a little to me, then we said that yesterday we determined Ivan Ivanovich’s turnover to 5.000, and this one has a store. it’s bigger and the bargain is better, then you don’t just have to show it at 30,000, then everyone agrees that it happens. It often happens that someone protests, because in case of protest it’s necessary to present books from tuberculosis, and almost all merchants say that they are official books, not conducted. Our company also entered and declared an annual turnover of one hundred thousand, and the presence of which determined 150,000. We did not protest, but the next year we ourselves showed 150,000 or 160,000, and we determined_______1473_______ekLuo 200.000 rub. and so it came to 700,000 and we began to show yours 700,000 rubles. Recently, inspectors, through the Ministry of Sinansov, requested that the district commissariesManagers of all districts, reported the amount of the contracts, all deliveries to the inspectors, for which there is a company’s supplier’s cover. So, when our company entered into a long-term contract for Irkutsk, our annual turnover immediately increased by more than half.the same statement was submitted to the PF to the Inspector about turnover%, we, in all honesty, announced the approximate amount last year, i.e. 700,000 rubles. When I arrived at the lodging Presence a quarter of an hour before the appointed hour of the meeting I apologized and even apologized that it was too early because I’ve left the house early on purpose, because I don’t like to be late and prefer to wait for others to wait for others to wait for me, then I’m telling Inspector, S.V. Navalkovskiy, I’ve told you well that you didn’t leave anyone yet , many must be aedinѣ pogo vorit. You know the law, that for a clearly excessive decrease in sales volumes, the merchants are folding. Presence finedor they are given a trial. lov to Dimon, they signed it by mistake, submitting many of their applications and relied on an accountant or someone from the clerks, and if you file this case, then you will be fined very much or even put on trial. I don’t want to do this for personal simraty to you and I propose to publicly disclose the amount of the turnover declared by you. You have declared a turnover of 700,000 rubles, and I have got from the St. Petersburg District International Office that I have expired. yearѣ surrendered under contracts_______1474 _______t.a million and a half rubles, and even annually you have. interest for 10-20 private goods and about 2 million to go out. Thinking, I answered: yes, indeed, since the current year our turnover has increased significantly by the Irkutsk contract, but for some reason we assumed that this turnover could only cover the tax next year and asked what should I do now, since. submit a new application, perhaps late, the deadline is missed, then S.V. Kavalkovskiy said while the statement was not reviewed • but if there was any, you can correct the filed yourself with your own hand, on a legitimate basis, as if you yourself remembered your mistake and came to declare it about it, requesting your statement and you have it corrected. He took out from the production my statement, submits it and say that the figure of the turnover shown by you is 700.00 rubles, if you add one to the front, it will be 1,700,000 and everything will be in good shape. Without objection, I did.During the meeting of the Presidency, when it was the turn to consider my statement, I get up, I want to go out. Chairperson S.V. Kava speaks loudly that it is not worth leaving, because there are so many statements that it is fair that hardly anyone will object and announces to the Presence that over the past year, T.D.F.T.They are in circulation, they are 80. They are more than last year. Nt which members of the merchants said 750,000, another 800,000, and one told us to guess, we agree to eat as much as they themselves showed._________1475_________one.m:*..The Tax Inspector reads a statement in which 1.700.000 rubles were written and they all looked at me in amazement, they said it yourself, then there was no need to argue. The different inspector said that this figure was not exaggerated or reduced, I have it There is information from the quarterly agreement that, under the contracts, it was handed over to the treasury for approximately one and a half million, and for private trade it is necessary to add from 10 to 15%, so that you can correctly take the turnover of 1.700.000 rubles. The presence unanimously agreed and decided to determine the turnover of one million seven hundred thousand rubles. I stated that the company never objected to the amount of the turnover received by our company and we will not mind it now, even more so that it itself stated this amount, but I personally never agreed with the majority of members of the Privat State that for suppliers to the treasury under the contracts, it is not possible to accept the same percentage of profitability as is applied to private breeders or private traders кот who are involved in treasury contracts and about Their oroty is not proved; you are determined approximately, in most cases, by smaller ones. Here you have a good example, last year for tanneries, set a percentage yield of 10%. With the declared and determined ІPresistent turnover of our company, 700,000 rubles. , we should have been taxed with a yield of 70,000 rubles. , and our company did not protest. Now the folding presence has established a yield of 15% for the skin factories, I objectedѣ, nor remained in the minorityѣ. If the Presence determined the turnover of our company now, as they said here 750 or 800,000 rubles, then ourt3}Ebut._______1476_______fiirѣ would have to pay tax. from 120,000 rubles ... in fact, this is right, since we didn’t have any profit, but when the turnover was determined to be І.700.000 rubles. , if it is established, but the profitability is 15%, our firin will have a profit of 255,000 rubles calculated for fishing, then this is complete injustice and I declare that we will appeal to the Provincial Folding Presence, if I submit our books to him. we filed an application at the Regional Presence, it was stated that, due to an illness of the accountant by the time of the application, the books were not finished and they could not be submitted to the local Primary, but the real Domains accountant and 8% of their vacation returned My books and books are running out. The Presence logged my statement and accepted the information, after submitting the Provincial Folding Presence of books and books. Our accountant was called in. agreed with ¢ the amount of profits recorded in our books, which turned out to be not much more than one hundred thousand rubles and ordered the folding location to consider the presence of our company for winu yet - borrowed by us from the book.Next year. The local Slobodskoe Presence was determined - for tanneries to consider profit of 10%. again, it didn’t go wrong, but again remained in the minority, but when the declared volume of turnover was submitted, it showed that for the past and a year the enterprise was in operation. We received a loss of 12,000 rubles from our company. If the folding presence doesn’t agree with the hole declared by us, we will present the modem2.one._______1477_______-vѣ uѣzdvoe fold Prisutstvіe nalazit knigi.V first dep of zasѣdavіya unto primarily assessor Inspector "prochital our zvya vleңіe and added that about 05 personally can not bөz view knig schi tav vozmozhnym release T.D.F.T.Vahrusheva sons completely oo release, taxed, on the basis of the declared: take the loss and beforeGuberpokinѣ Presence share You motivate and - no doubt confirm that you are ill and that you are peaceful, not subject to taxation. I pose the question. to vote: whether to request books from the company for review Unanimously .. decided to request: Vpigi and: an accountant or his assistant for clarification, llrisushatvie instructed to view the books to an assistant tax inspector with members of the presence of Rafailoy.V. Makhno you13 and Valeptin. Parf. The Nurshakovs. Looking through the two days of the book, they found everything. correctly and losslessly proven. But the assistant, the tax inspector wrote $, then again - not counting - it’s possible to leave this company completely no matter what the tax and tax - the Inspector agreed to take it, and R.V. They find that the books of the Vedas are correct in double Italian accounting and that they do not causethat the lossѣ has been proven and that the company is liable for the deduction from taxation for the expired year. On the next day, there was a whole sep5 question about the general request of Prisutatviya.R.V., tilaxnөv declared that almost all comrades were declining to submit books; %, then the company will not stop before this and appeal. ” and you’re just a little lost, Veli - so we won’t lie to books, nobodygOh._______1478_______Gwill never present our book% to our publisher% and under me I urge to unanimously agree on the book - I fully satisfied all the requirements for accounting, loss of additional proofs - and - the company TTPD.F.T. Vakh rusheva sons for the year of patronage, did not go wrong. When you run for election, the elected members of the Presence from the city and the land were personally each • separately interviewed unanimously, but joined the vote. R.V. Makhtөvo, and the modest Ipolector and his assistant 3 declare that, in spite of all sympathy for the case, they, as representatives of the interests of the Kazakhs, are forced to give a special request and send this to the final decision of the Provincial Deployment Attendance, B% call .ѣzdil assistantѣ our accountantand there he gave explanations. The regional distribution box 11 and that unanimously decided to agree to the release of the United Kingdom folding company, the company T.T.F.T. .V. Kavalkovsky to leave without consequences. Then, in private with me - S.V. Kavalkovsky said that he himself had seen all our books, they were brilliantly kept and were all-respectful documents on his face, but on us, official bureaucrats. , press over, requireѣ not to loosentax press and do not want to be considered as if there are cases when, for all that’s what’s happening, it’s 8a that you’ll get stuck. As an individual, I was difficult to even find the motivation to find a legitimate one, and Valent. no. Kurshakov, personally, said that all 1% was taken, because I'm not a friend. : allVakhrushevnx3 and be the smallest zapѣpka, then, with the pleasure of the herds would have run for the company, but nevertheless I didn’t want to be in front of my bosses if I didn’t go to the smallest zatspka. take on_______1479_______....*5:they preferred themselves, let them see for themselves how troublingly large bookkeeping firms are and to resolve this matter themselves and for the future many final directives will be given. I am very pleased to hear from the Governor’s layout of our Presence, these • knyp hands are still untied and 'like books - we will send more injections by now. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. But all this history greatly influenced me and completely disappointed me with the actions * of the local folding collocations and I finally decided at all costs and at the first opportunity to form a public company, i.e. public reporting is right leni вѕ В Vyatkѣ or even better ѣ Petersburgѣ and not have any business with Slobodsky folding При Presence ема. Although a taxable assistant ӣ av. Kavalkovsky, with his protest, didn’t provoke a feeling of self-interest in India, I fully understood that he protected his ranks no more than the “position, but they really didn’t like that in the party books” the businessmen sniffed and rummaged, and then .. Turshakov boasted that thanks to them, N. AVakhrushev was exempted from taxation and although they didn’t find “no solicitation in books, but I’m sure that the Vakhrushevs had a very good accountant”; $ u mvnіy hide all the ends so that the mosquito’s will not undermine. 10- so can only reason completely illiterate accounting can be discussed. and whether it was not weighted, and in the provinces almost all of these people decided to do so: That’s why many wanted it; in case of educationIncluded Eylauda әu meaning VVRadyodtaooty устро, arrange the right way ә nәturgburg for in big cities, Arnѣөy critically belong to the company ц ц ц л м м%% ѣ 3 3 3 .B .B .B .B .B .B .B .B .B.-3,,one,..2.x.elevenG-_______1480_______I received books in the presence of a fan. Presentation is mine. Ispktorots%, s.V. Gavalkovsky% didn’t: drank, he always belonged to many things, good and there were occasions, he went to the factory3 to check the arms, collect and get ready, for several days to warn you to officially prepare all the documents and bills for checking the coat of arms. Chrіѣdet happened and siditѣ chasaprovѣryaetѣ 3-4, 5-10 naydet accounts, kotoryh on pyatochөk not hvataet nakleenyh- marokѣ and whereand, without pee, it is clearly visible that a random oversight and never composed the protocol, but, after a final call, call me, or the accountant and ask, to add on the missing mark and pay it off. V., thanks. In fact, we have promulgated the inside out henceforth more and more to merge into the relationship of the humpbacked. collecting yourself., and an accountant .; took responsibilityfor it on yourself, B%. 1934 9B. Kavalkovskii died in Slobodskomiya zahal to Pim .. for a quarter bow, I ashamed of him.hilena cried and thanked for the memory, said that he always respected and considered you to be fair to all folding members. Prisuto tviya.o. % of the requests were taken to bury Warsaw, and ordered a zinc coffin., but there was nothing. pay for the coffinѣ. Warsaw is expected to take her, which will arrive. in 2-3 days. suggested that the legs would help her. at least pay for the tombs, like a former friend of the peace of the pago. She graciously accepted the offer to give her loans of two hundred rubles, and as soon as she took it, we will immediately return it. Damn this money, and then the late beginning, already. decompose, in rooms with smell, doctor required. rush to put in the zinc coffin, seal and take. *, received 200 rubles from the alarm clock, handed it to her and she immediately sent the coffin to the driver. . ._______1481_______. • I “left” home, but didn’t have free time to go to Slobodskaya to see the dead man. When I drove him to Warsaw. After 4-5 days I receive by post the post office sent me a remittance to my name for two hundred rubles from Slobodsky and I got it from whoever it was, that it sends Svobodsky out for 10 hours by postal order by transfer, I didn’t have an unprecedented chance, I couldn’t wait and see me personally, I sent the coupon to the coupon, briefly, thanks for the loan, taken 20 0 rubles and apologizes for not being able toto see in person, since I’ve got to eat a dead person in Vyatka and slept on a train, I’ve only been able to stay in Kapiolkovskogo after that. After Vavilkovskogo I had only a year or two more, I had a new family I don’t remember /, but then, having formed a joint-stock company, I broke the "all 3% folding" collateral. Prismm tvіөmѣ.My service is military. The presence, according to the election, the freedom of this zemstvo also lasted until 19X5. I started this service, I liked it a lot, taking it away from Mikay 3-4 days a year, when I got newly recruited forever in autumn every year; in full view of all the districts, and nevertheless, the elective service was considered to be free, but honorable, without imposing any kind of distinction. The gift or unwanted recruit was decided by the doctors who examined the new recruits ”, and, in doubtful cases, it was finally present disagreements, questions were put to the ballot: 3a ten-year period of my service, only one time I heard very tense disagreements: Alexandra Arkadyevich Raspopov, son of Arkady Ivanovich Raspopov, was called up, went bankrupt. . .... .. . .,,.,... . ._______1482_______ = walking the Sloboda merchant. it was at one time that Slobodskonz was a big dirty shop. After the bankruptcy, Slobodskon was a lot of noise and various conversations: many said that Raspo hid goods and money and declared bankruptcy, but nevertheless they were not recognized as malicious bank because “Novice was imprisoned for a long period of time, but soon, there were releases, many claimed that, thanks to money, 08% through hell of wokats quickly and easily departed from more severe punishment, an injection that was well deserved. Soon after this yvalsya his son. AlexanArkadevich% Raspopov. In Sloboda medium population there were rumors that the son. Arkady Rappopova is more cunning than her father and will be able to bribe a soldier in Prutism or by tricks to circumvent him in such a way that they won’t take him away. , then let him awaken with caution at the time of Al. Ar.Raspopov and, at the slightest opportunity, it would be better to take him. When examined by doctors, he complained of a dull one and some kind of internal pain. Doctors of the Presence stated that they don’t find anything serious inside, but the degree of deafness is difficult to establish, apparently, what percentage of deafness is there, but, with the presence of a military presence, we are ready, like doctors, to establish a small percentage of deafness, at which recruitment should be accepted. Here, a member of the military Presence from the city of Nikolai Ilyich% Makushi stated that he knew this recruit in his home as if it were completely deaf and if he would be accepted%, he would still hear it upon arrival, if he would regiment, reject and return back and I speak for,. .. . . . .... .,_______1483_______ - to be called unfit. Then Iolraväyki declared that it’s better to let him be taken away from the regiment and returned back, so that we could take responsibility for which all the inhabitants would later complain about us as bribe-takers, rather than how his father our oursthroughout the Vyatka province, and the son is still cunning of his father. I find it necessary to accept me as a suitable one. Military commander, Lieutenant Colonel Zakharo 8? joined the voice of the Attendant and I, too, tpressed themselves for their suitability, they were left alone, the fifth chairman of the military presence, Feofil Vgofevich Shostko, hesitating, began to say that it would be inconvenient for the Sloboda military presence to return to us from the regiments. Then right back quietly, you can disagree with us, attach your vote to Makushin and declare that this year has been recognized by the majority of the recruits for 5 years. - new. But Shostko came to his senses and said, nt, I join the majority. After that, the doctors wrote in a book that the recruit declared deafness / but it was recognized as admissible to him. Chairman F.E. Sho Stko declared: fit. service. Takon way. Ale sandr Arkadvich Raspopov was taken, he went with all the new recruits to the Cathedral to take the oath and went out when all the new recruits were outside Slobodsky, along with the others he was sent out and from, Vyatka, he was taken away at home, and about from there, into the regiment, within a month or a half and a half, A. returned to Slobodsko completely rejected and 8% of the regiment.This fact, when Alek and Ar.Rastopov were accepted to military service, turned out to be negligible and sensible only because the Slobodian military Presence wanted to show itself selfless in relation toto a rich man, completely disappointed me completely_______1484 _______the service is a member of a military presence The presence of a general attitude is full of dissatisfaction with the entire Military Presence and attesting to doctors and took a drink, that’s what they were, a3. Ar.Raspopovѣ. "In 1912, my Anna Wikenzia was to be called. During the call, in the autumn, I was in Petersburg and non-Petersburg friends, advised me to come to St. Petersburg with a passport and a summons to ask my son to be summoned. He had to be baptized. of the Vyatka governorate, the Lobod uezd and him, along with others, litigated and recognized the smoke of the people, gave out white bileyas, conceived the 2nd class militias, i.e. completely nonsense: the Petersburg military presence sent Ca the corresponding official report and, according to Slobodsky’s tone, recorded him as a second-level militia and didn’t have to stop him, the Vikto never bothered him anymore. then later, and from the 2nd category, and at the hospital, he was viciously taken away for service, if he was not fit for military service, then he took troi rumors on us. At that time, St. Petersburg was in St. Petersburg and the army was in prince’s presence. Village. Vikeny with his documents again appeared for witnessing and recognized him 2 -again utterly unfit and again informed by this to Slobodsky. The second son, Doy Nikolai, was called up during the war in 1915.in Slobodok, and I was still a member of the military Presence, and when he was called to oviotra, I removed myself from participation and went out into the back room. Nicholas from childhood nearsighted? Wore the most glasses_______1485_______ * ...g.a strong number for shortsighted people and, moreover, he had a poxheart, a doctor and a military presence, the prize immediately awarded him the final villain, deducted%, he was credited with the 2nd category militia. However, the Chairman of the Presence valtil, that, to be coins, it’s better to enroll, it’s better than the first category, on the occasion of wartime and, if necessary, Oya, it can be useful for non-military service, but, the doctor “unanimously said that we found his heart: and his eyes would become a guilty charter, and this article refers to the militias. 2. Something discharge. Then the Presence declared him completely unsuitable съ, with enrolled өc B% militia of the 2nd category ...During the inspection of the new recruits this year, a bad incident happened. One recruited the “peasant” with such a volost, thought? flaunt the knowledge of medical names and when the doctor asked him whether she or she was in bad health, he turned his back to the doctor, leaned forward and said loudly: trachoma. When the doctor saw that the rookie had a simple sound, there wasn’t skipping to say: thirty ice and inspecting the recruitsѣ and never met this mѣ tѣ traҗom. All those present and military men were present and then remembered for a long time and laughed ..::::. However, the recruits accepted were not read: 0 by thisѣ and submitted to the provincial military Presence, it was stated that Nikolay Getrov. In Vakhrushev and Nikolai Petrovich, the loggers ’are wrongly rejected by Slobodsky ин military • II are present and are hoping for the re-establishment of Vakhrushev and Sapozhnikov’ gubernial military,onone. 8: NOTBoo"?_______1486_______The presence of the privates is also theirs: for military service. After 5-6 days, they were both called to Vyatka by the provincial military Presence, Vyatka, exonerated - *, and according to the article articles were rejected again. :In this chapter of military service ... And with the presence and, when I re-elected the ѣ znsky ’’s collected ѣн3, I forgot --- sincerely, stated that I’ve decided that the new three-year membership is the same as the Presence въ в folding out • Presences. I don’t want to run, for lack of free time. I also refused to serve as a member of the regional college of the Soviet because I didn’t have to spend time on exams to go to school for the first time, although the Free School inspectors tried to persuade me to serve three more years, as I submitted, On January 2, 1913, the order of Av.Stanislav of the third degree, categorically refused this honorable aluba. I only remained at the youth school and annually continued to make exams in the parish school and in my village. Voshnesnesensko-Vakhrushevѣ, where I am bn. the trustee of the school, which was built and expanded: Ivanda Timofeevich. The Vakhrushevs, and after Omerti, during S.'s wars, I completed this school, resigned and provided the ordained Diocesan authorities. His Eminence Nikon in Vyatka was written for ~. He asked me if I would like the parish school to be a student of a two-year class ministerial school and be educated in this school. livable health, or for now leave as before, i.e. in the lower floor of the parish school, and the upper floor is a% apartment, temporarily for the second priest, father Arkadiy Marakuli pa, I dislike that as a school trustee I naturally sympathize with her transformation.++one•••.._______1487_______,:::I’m not a two-year student, but I also don’t protest that I temporarily needed to provide my assistance to the apartment of the second priest, Father Arkady Maraku. Therefore, I refuse to definitely declare your Grace my personal wish, moreover, that the skoda was built, and then it was rebuilt and enlarged by the previous translators, Ivan Typofevich Vakhrushevyk, but he didn’t know how much he completed it. E. Increase the building from one floor. Go to “two-story and that it is * sorry” to go down in the second floor, it is also unjust. In view of this, I almost firmly ask your Bishop. to resolve this issue at your discretion.1. “By order of the Provincial Parish Administration: the floor of this house was temporarily provided for Father Ark’s apartment - diya iarakulina, but the school was still left below. Itis, however, during the revolution, it was alleged that Father Priest Arkady Marakuli was forced to release this room again in the old apartment, in the present Floor of the Church and the House of Prison in the law apartment, and in the school house “at the top and bottom, which school was built, which is unknown. Even before the revolution, the Diocesan College of Sochi introduced me to be awarded the Order of St. Anne of the 3rd degree, as an energetic member of the Diocesan School of the Council and in connection with the completion and remission of school premises. The order is I had to receive Easter. 19і? of the year, but on the occasion of the revolution in Russia, which took place at the end of February of that year, all representations to which were awarded the HIGHEST AUTHORITY were destroyed by the provisional government ”, and then the revolution by the authorities.khi-... ?20}..from,• hE.g._______1488_______ -. .ti. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ... Koncellowchiszen ak cek 60k.Hind 20%Makao mi umko Zubertuzo Feraczowi zylepmoly,,. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . When the Main Quartermaster’s Office on 19II and 1912 showed an insistent desire to lower the supply chain for ready-made goods and ready-made stocks for archives, the main quartermaster General Shu Vaev, according to the proposed colonel, A., Akimov’s plan, was granted the right to the Military Council to prepare sleep bikenie and offend nedirovan in the army trade, and economic methods, at the discretion of the Main Command. Both munitions workshops were granted the right to procure goods from stocks, not from purchases of goods, but from purchases from private markets. / Maybe even the condition of goods /. This way, two times the profit was profitable, from procuring one of them: just a boot, more than 9 million rubles өөөgod for. Suppliers of shoe goods for Quartermaster, left without bidding and raw materials from them were prepared full plants and issued special. for official need, without $ weighting agents, and vice versa, eight light sawn leathers. It was impossible to sell such konsi on a private market only for official soldier’s sarogs, for which, according to the description of the Technical Committee of InventoryOn the other hand, it was established in the spools, the entire caddago of the anterior and left heights from maximum to minimum. For the lack of demand, the suppliers and breeders were forced to sell at half the price becauseIf there’s skin on the private market in Moscow, to merchant Nikolai Egorovich about Orlov, who, in turn, resold it with little profit,._______1489_______ -.E.A.Atobkundirovanny workshops for the construction of tѣh yake soladaskih sa pogu. As a result, it turned out that all the breeders worked for two years at a big loss and finally got into a ruin, especially when they had hidden free funds and were offered exclusively with the support of the bank and on private credit x. Banks, noticing that breeders almost all work at a loss, immediately reduced their loans, at that time, after finishing the registration of the Vyatka state registration committee, Trifon Likhaylovich Laptev, inviting me to have breakfast, I want to let you know K. Iv sileglov heard when he said that he would eat, because we need to eat, both of us should speak at the same party: Kozm ig “Laptev until 8% went to the head secretary - living room and Vladimir and Iv. Dulkov, said we won’t lose time and bye and prepares% zavtrak. we talked about cxt. I’m disturbed, he said, the position of the loans of some clients of the State Bank, and especially the breeders, suppliers. It has been known for the second time that the mainndancies have suffered major losses, but the State Bank "continues to keep them, credited with a rather solid amount of money and, in particular, Vnkhrushev. Ilya Trade House t. / Consisting of brothers Aleksandra, Ilyich /, second tor. Niko Dai Brothers House, Alexey and Dimitry Ilya chi Vakhrushevna. For no Adi - bargaining. Ivan Tim’s house, Vakhrushev’s sons. All three of these companies, owned by the State Bank, have a full loan of 1,000%, full-time, while private banks have stopped lending to them. Do these three firms withstand the financial crisis? and whether to seriously discuss this issue in the Committee of the State Bonk. I wanted to talk with Trifonoabout with. Grew_______1490 _______Vilkhailovichөm3 and Petrom - Alexandrovichөn, and then, after hearing you, discuss in general terms. Then Trifon, Mikhailovich said, pus. Petr Aleksandrovich will be the first to express himself, all the Vakhrushevs are closer and better known to her, she is an Internet, a vie. he sat down and called their whole life. Managing in, and, Schelkov asked me a lot to express frankly without speculation that no matter what happened to him, this will not respond to your fi, you will have a special account for you. You are all in peace. we will support you. I’m giving you my word, I just ask you, will express your opinion on how to act with the rest of the Vakhrushchevs. I have three other firms, there are two more firms of Parfenovichi and Stepan Vakhrushev, but they have small loans of 10 or 20.00, and therefore I didn’t say anything about the whirl, but I listed only a tough little thing. But I was very confused by this question — I put an awkward position in it. Although. . . I knew that it’s all about which ideas and ideas they always tried to break the trust in our phiri and everywhere they spread about. of our companyѣ the rumor that we are doing is higher than ours: means, outlining: the head. loan өtssya and misuse donors banks, inevitably led Fedorovich should otherwise end in most collapseѣ. Call - I also detail that • denunciation. . The chief quartermaster, sent by the quartermaster’s bidders, was confronted with the following: ative and mainly by Nikolai, Ilyich Vakhrushev and Nick - bark Ivanovich. Vakhrusheva, in order to otistit plots of mine, my refusal to add to the renters the supply of a consignment, including quantities accepted. Ot Serebryakova. Eeyore, for this they tried to achieve in order to deprive n: our company terminated by өn Ө Ө Ө. a long-term Irku of such a contract, and this, t, e, termination of the contract for a long time threatened: the firm was finally disbandedbutRxx...one_______1491_______tP... However, with all the desire to disqualify them all, from on to “it turned out differently, if I say that the loan amount was closed, then they immediately“ went bankrupt and this already seemed to me many actions against taking and against the oath, because servicesѣ we should not accept personal accounts or friendships. and secondly, for all the Vakhrushev bankrupt, our "company or personally it will not be of any interest, on the back, even ifThe bank will not cut back on us a loan and will support all the drams ... but private banks and private lenders and sellers will be able to get us goodsIt’s because of penic fear and not tolls, but all tanneries and suppliers will lose loans, so that this will not be much easier, but, on the contrary, our company will involuntarily bring bankruptcy: This is in the attention, I put it aside. To the side, a sense of personal honor and personal calculations and speaking out on conscience, I say to the author of V. V. Shchelkov that it’s very difficult to dissolve a similar question. If this matter was understood in the communication of the Committee, then I would have been nihon to the majority or would have abstained from voting, but would vote from my wordaid I’d kind of not say “I’m deprived of Softness, or: That I wouldn’t be able to say something and would not bring to Basun doubts about harboring.” I’ll tell you the truth, that I Chuvuk. Indeed, all breeders suffer losses for the second year, I don’t “deny it and our business doesn’t make a loss, but I don’t have big losses already, like last year, when we sweated 12.00 rubles a loss, I used to engrave it. books of their own in the county of Bern biennale folding presence, which viewing books aboutBUT:4._______1492 _______BUT.ARt Emі 448-kumenty; convinced, in the correctness of our statement • and freedus from the cover. The rest of the Vakhrushevs were present at the same time as profitable, but they did not protest, although I was from Fren, thatthey didn’t have profit, but there was a loss), but they• having completed all that the folding presence of the front desk imposed on them Excellence. Tax Inspector. The reason was caused by such damage to their losses, I don’t dare to judge, but at 11 taking into account the losses of my company at 12,000, then they couldn’t accept a loss of 10 or 2.0.0.1 times more .. !! from, if they incurred a loss of 3-5 times more, then it’s a maximum of 50-60,000 rubles to spend, and even spent on buildings, on the rim, on the production of factories, on the expansion of factories, it’s possible that this is, the total turnover capital decreased by 100.00 rubles., the atom can not expose them; for in previous years,% had more profit100,000 rubles for each year .. # ңћ it seems that if all the banks do not close their loans simultaneously, then: probably all. Vahru Bn withstand. a crisis. tendency: of the moment, and especially the large ones, of which you are most of all concerned. Nak. You said private banks reduced their IMT loans to qi, if the State Bank is right nowIf you close the loan carefully, then, of course, no company can pull out. and immediately initiate bankruptcy, say that you can do this: "win the State Bank.. And each form of GTA thousand, while Kali will be. to support them - closing all loans completely, but only partially with a coat, retrainingBy issuing them a bill with partial repayment, although you may be in time, you will support them and the State Bank will partially reduce,і_______1493_______from•DEharR:four.“.*m.-..atone• indebtedness to these firms, they are. Stretched another .year. two and owedreality will be reduced by half, and there, perhaps, the crisis will disappear, and everything will go into its own rut and not suffer from pitto. But this is my personal opinion, impartial, but without any guarantees, because I repeat the volume of them - I can pour, on the basis of my own personal data, but I definitely do not know and report them, and I never can vouch for anyone and I can’t . I’m not less likely to conclude that so far c. I’m going to hold the Ilyich • and Ivanovich’s hands, and when with • to submit for registration - “New Bills, then you will need to be more careful andcarefully examine the drawers. Trifon - Mih, Laptev high - showed that he joins - Many - 11th of Alexandrovich and sohe believes that it is cool to cut loans or close it completely. and now it’s not “time, there may come a general catastrophe and no one will win, but the breeders will suffer, the banks will suffer, Ivanovich needs to be supported no matter what, for Michael or Ivanovich. Vakhrudnev is a good man, honest, although his brother his Hn chopping Willow. Comrade% is painfully milked and rogue%, but for the sake of Mikhail, I willingly “cast my vote to support the Ivanovichs, that is, Ilyichi still don’tlike: they are not fair Isami people like to substitute another "leg. These features they spread ёплохів- rumors about freeFedorovyue “and personally against 1 Tetra Alexandrovich; but it’s good that no one is wasting it, knowing them for the deceitful and envious people. But, as he said now, Peter Al. , it’s not the time now to abruptly act on the basis of the State donation of Baik, but on the contrary, it’s necessary so far “they must support them completely agree, since it’s important that Yelich should be supported.that one.one._______1494 _______іVladimіrѣ from өlkov said что that I agree with you and thank you for your cooperation. Until he makes a general review for the ideals of atQt3, he will be able to cut his foot very carefully and completely, without losing his old time I’m going to recount and on new promises will make inquiries about revenge. So it went further, in the first half of 1912, Ivan # edorovich went bankrupt the first half of the village, but he had a little money and he’s not worth it, one haҡthe bank did not pay much attention, and private lenders put it down. - he was sent to prison “In the spring of the same year, a month’s% Russian forNew Trade Bank ”closed. finally a loan. Stepan € edorovich Vakhrushev., Refusing to re-read the bill, which was protestedmissory note loan in Russian for foreign trade in Stepanu. Vakhrushev was better to open a loan “digging loanleathers that were pledged in the Bank at half their value and were stored at Stepan's factory 2. Vakhrushvs in the barn under the castle. , and Benk's seals. When did you find the prototype of the bill on Stepan Fedthen Bankt demanded that he redeemed the clinging kokhu, becauseVankӣ was afraid, as it were, when offensive, summer, skin, careless provo. flax, naya, could easily go bad. However, the degree is Fed. He proved to the Russian government for foreign trade of the Bank, Heinrich Alexandrovi - Chuolts-koriy, that the product is well-worn and will not deteriorate, and now it cannot be repurchased by the deferral profile either. Father A.Sldekrp refused to postpone, gave him three days to buy out .. It is clear that in such a short time. StepanF, could not do anything. After three days, G.A. Oldkosh proposed to buy all the pledged skin at a price_______1495_______ -... -lower than the fleet of Petr. dolgushi pu that existed at that time - if only “the Bank could repay its loan .A.,. debt upnin bought thishu but requested. give him a day for the trip to the factory - Stepan • food - to inspect the skin .. On the saduytsi day I made a deposit and sent in our horses — to take away all the skin Cleansed “her • Ot: goli and were sewn already at the factory halfway at the presence of a% artel of the Bank. ThusDolgushi got this raw material very cheaply, and Stepan F.0 suffered a huge loss from this operation, which, even more, increased this "deficit". Banks immediately presented protest bills to OKruling judge, declared him insolvent and imprisoned. In prison in Vyatka in Moscow with Ivan Fedorovich. Tue I of the same year, Bargaining Don Ilya T. Vakhrusheva / i.e. the brothers Afanasy and Alexander Ulvichi VakhrushevHe submitted to the State Bank, for the registration of a bill of exchange for I0,000 rubles, signed by an Irkutsk-based citizen trading on the spot, at that time it was registered. The committee "Manager V. * .ifelkov read the registry says, although 44 persons used to present us bills of exchange of this company and we took into account, but in the lists of creditors. The State of the Nago Bank “this company does not appear and the Bank is unjust and asked whether 3 of its members” were members of our committee. Nobody knew. Although the manager said that he would refrain from registering and request so far. After that they began to examine bills and it turned out that they were KKXI Irkutak’s letters that were written in Irkutsk and a little more than a few days ago. ”The manager then sensed, it was clear that the friendly bills from? Irkutsk had time to transmit one day through the air.ate. whether even 10 days in advanceѣ to suppress the date on the weekday, I won’t. "do not ask, and we refused. By the end of the meeting of the Athan Committeet_______1496_______sii Ilyich "Vakhrushez zashel қ" to the Manager and they were told that they must make the payment here, but you did not take into account the bill and, therefore, protestөtө.4өlkov unscrewed, yes, I’m protesting, and tomorrow: you were declared insolvent in court. Both of the “spinning and the adherent ITs of the Vakhrushchevs” / i.e. Athanasius and Alexander. The court declared Ilyich Vakhrushevs to be insolvent and sentenced him to prison, the same cell, where Ivan Ivanovich was, and Stepan Fedorovichi. Replacement there. zxe # the prisoner went bankrupt ~ gosya itatvey grigoryevich quickly new bw shepherd-shepherd breeder, walt scagot county, makaryevsky hair is that / two-colored? Ilyichai Vakhrusha was taken and (the boobies 5 /. All were convinced that not a single breeder, could not stand the crisis, that everyone would go bankrupt, and the prisoners of the Vakhrushevs were gloating when they lured them to a new one. They also looked forward to it, that after the Nizhny Novgorod Fair, the elders и Elijah chi and Fedorovich, as well as two companies Parfenovichi and Ivanovichi and all, would go to jail, BE their conviction, but they weren’t completely excused, Timofey Parfenovich Vakhrushev: 71 year whether the beginning gradually vidirovatSun • Delivery to the State, I sold the glue at home to match breeders and sent the remnants of goods, scraps, scraps of cut goods and woolto Nizhegorldsk: 0 fair, at the address of the son-in-law of Nikolai Semenovich Popov,. Slobodsky Danin and instructed him to sell and transfer moneyVyatka, in the name of Timofey Parfenovich .. S.S.Popov sold the goods and the first proceeds transferred to Vyatka, and the last, the proceeds for the wool, delayed at home, informing you that you would bring with you and tomorrow you will be € 3:00 dokoy. At this moment, the deadlines for paying bills on the promissory note lyam s Timofey Parfenovich, at the same Nizhny Novgorod fair. Everyone knewDown-4.LOVECEZichayay yokeSun_______1497_______,itthat the goods were sold by his son-in-law, Popov and no one {som} that heso hold that bill of exchange. But on the day - the deadline for Eva was no longer - in Yari, Markѣ and Vseksidya protested by the Chiefѣ. lender. was, Yekaterinburg .. geeky merchant Korolkov, he prіhkhal from the fair E7 - Vyatka, and zatm3in the village of Voznesensko-Vakhruppovo and appeared to Timofey - ParfyonovIchu. After kadnі th lay in bed sick, he had household propertytense, but, ik formerly transported to your employees in Bropy Andr. Tru• a school and a relative serving a servant at Andrei Vasilievich. Zhukov. Kingkov triedѣ to offer Timofey Parf, to pay off “110 lovers, at a discount of a hole: or more, but. Timothy“ Par. HOTIL: now, I’ll get better then it’s settled, I’ll give everything back, as soon as I can, I don’t know if I have enough I have to pay all or not enough for six months now, I don’t deal with churches, so Korolkov ubhalf for nothing, S. S. Popov, returning home, appeared to Timofey Parfenovich and said that the remaining amount of revenue was onceiѣrѣ 10,000 rubles out "brought by the doda, but so far I find it rightѣө - such to you .. don’t pass on. Your recovery, for kame Vacheto: 0 be “creditors. And take this: zoom. If you live in: banknote your name, then: creditors will seize. for money, Timothy/ 4 * harp .. propose that you transfer this money to your wife. Or put in ya on - her. M.Ya ... Then Nick.Sem.lopovѣ stated 5.8 then his first revenue was over. dena, so long as you ceө and crawl in the name of the wife. Afanasy. Ivanovna and. . In% of the case of your death, she will remain with her and will be excluded -It is her. dѣ tyakh, prikh tym fromѣ Vas. But you still have% Nico -Lei Timofeevich, from the first. Varney, you, ov, is a direct inheritance - no one after you, and ќ5 Afanasy Ivanovna on already - All rightsfour7._______1498_______... -.g.,-two daughters remain, Anna Timofeevna, my wife and writers Timofevna, henna Iltsi Vasilyevich Knyazeva, ea Dөljankѣ, Vѣd, according to the law, he has to claim to receive his share, as well as the first wife.Your inheritance is good, but we do not pretend to inherit, it will depend on you, but we insist that it’s brother. Native Nikola. Ty - mofeyevich, I’ll be guaranteed for any chance from any chance, Afstasy Ivanovna. On . This is the basis I propose to add this amount to. Banknote name of Nikolai Timofeevich or chronicle it while at home until your recovery. But so is Nikolai. Timofeyevich was listed as a member of the house of Timofey Parfenovich, that is, it’s a pity that the creditors of the trading house: Palozhat areat for this amount, if it turns out to be in the bank in the name of Nikolai Timofeyev, and Timofey Parf. Didn’t want anyone to recover. and 35 creditors so farto thread. He said, if you like, I’ll settle it myself and insisted that. N.S. Popov would have transferred the entire amount. alu, and he will distribute $ by decree, n_yu Afa naoi. Ivanovna. code how much to issue and not offend df gray and off. . first wife. But he didn’t agree, but he didn’t agree so far -If you don’t lose money, then the money was kept in custody. A.S. Popova, and Timothy Parf. Vakhrushev otkryabr died. Do lenders be declared lendersinsolvent, it’s not known, because of the exclusion of creditors, nobody received anything — a certain widow. The widow stated that there was nothing left, where that two -I don’t know and whether the moose is great, the trading books aren’t known for it, but Ti's name is -mofey Parf .. Nikolay Tik. I was undeveloped, and I was sick and expressed that my father always wailed me, I don’t know anything and I inherited property and I refused, so that: CT, I don’t have creditors. molested. What is the amount of bankruptcy "was Timothy. Parf .. I don’tone_______1499_______...fromoneoneUni.P HATBUT...?-but I believe that his wife Afanasy Ivanov, capital from 20,000 to 30,000 left no more than six, few children: 2 daughters and 4 sons.trading house. The heirs of Parfen Tim. Vakhrusheva. / in person - Nick kolyam and Pyotr Vasilyevich Vakhrushevykh deliberately prepared for bankruptcy in August and next. All deliveries, to the treasury: private goods and wool were completed: they were sent to the Nizhny Novgorod Fair, sold at the fair, 2 products prіkhkhalzh, younger brother. Detr Vasiloviand on the first days of August he sold everything he received money, and even at the State Bank, he took into account. for, MA, Shu bina a bill, but the money was not transferred to him / as I wrote. above, an adulalf of hiding hid without paying urgent bills of his company, so that EO., without any bills have already been tested. Money, Nikolai and Petr, Vasilyevich poured among themselves and put in the bank, each, in the name, its own. It was near to. I do not know Nikolai Vasilievich, but mu. Iletra. Vasilievich v bankѣ in the name of his wife escorted up to 15,000. In September, their company Sudon was declared insolvent and both Nikolai and. lіtr. Vasilievichwere sentenced to imprisonment2, but they both presented the doctor of testimony that they have heart defects, and therefore, the laws stipulate that with the burrow of the heart, tremors are awaited, as such can accelerate death. Did they really have a heart defect, they doubted it, but apparently "come true, for both of them were still young they had been through 6-7 years in the first years of the revolution." Their creditors, it seems, did not get anything, but beforeur property was all hidden, and the factory and factory., on peasant land and without.....".“~~..**:_______1500_______Tі:oneg..lasіya salesѣ could not be subject .. Yes, at that time no one would have cheated in the village of Vakhrushev, they would have sold them at the auction. In part of this volume and the water of the trading house Nasl. the descendants of llarfen Timofeevich Vakhrushev, except Vasily and khimofey IIarfenovich, also were “bovladyshalychki children Andes rey Parfenovich, grandchildren Zarka on P.R. , but; go "insistence II.P, Zarkina, as if custody of the zones were - even before the bankruptcy of the Parfenovichs" completely gave out a day, that is, a tea plant and home. -N-VZhADRөya arfen paid off, heirsВасилія liар. , 2.0, Ikodai and Netr. / About bankruptciesѣ which I just described. Maalѣdniki Andrei Parfenovich had three daughters and one of themsons, Vladimi r And Andreevich .. All the daughters got married in a timely manner, because they still had a grandfather and a grandmother, they also celebrated their dowry and weddings, as guardians, asyn, as the youngest studied at Svobodoko gorodokom school, did not finish independently homeless, a guardian, Dada Zarkin, a wife left for two girls, Sloboda’s honey was shot dead and six months later, after all the heirs of Andrei Parfenovich Vakhrushev, they lovingly added up all the remaining property and capital; gio - akonu; The widow’s fate had bewildered Vishalos' Vladimir Andreyevich: the last one didn’t relocate to the village of Vakhrushevo, aik remained to live in Sloboddkom, but she had nowhere to go: there was nowhere to go through, as part of Andrei Parf’s house and factory . was - gardlana Vasilyevicham; and the plot of arable land, found divshіyoya. • I’m waiting for the yard-land Stepіan Fedorovich • • yanashim 'plant - the site in which "Yontoro of our company, located atZhivpi Vladinira Andreevina, m: 0% of the general agreement of all the heirs. "... Andrei P. and them), the guardian of the arch on, wasѣ selling our firmѣ: ht: willingly.I bought one, since it’s a joint. L% to Nashon factory sitey:cha i_______1501_______*.on all sides, and we are not in this area every spring dryer woolthey didn’t build it up .. I divided up the sisters of the heirs of Andre Narf between the sisters, and liquidated the rest of the property, my husband helped to produce it. the elder sister Klavdiya Andeyevna, Nikolai Ivanovich Vakhrushevљ, by their general consent and with the approval of the custody of the invited strangler’s order - by the person. For the settlement and liquidation of property and good faith: I divided that he and fully performed in good faith and disinterestedly. They were all satisfied and were given a reward, he was presented with a golden pocket watch for a total of three or four.,In August of the same year of 1912, Torgovy, house on timof. Vakh Rushchev’s sons / persons of Mikhail and Nikolai Ivanovich / met big financial difficulties: private bakni reduced credit completely, refused to take into account accounts, demanded to pay a full fee, G but with partial redemption. Nobody from this company visited the Nizhny Novgorod Fair, and at that time I was already at Fair 12, Ivanovich-Zvikhail and Nikolai, took ve ѣ mrn for some reason. to avoid just to prevent a single bill of exchange for protest. They began to offer our company, in the person of il Fedorovich, to help them and borrow, at least by securing real estate or, to buy from them, all free. the plots of land are cultivated. Pavel Fedorovich tsrins іmpіно, expressed his ... consent, but said that, first, zagrosit, the consent of the wind A, located at the Nizhny Novgorod fair, because in our common name, I can’t buy his consent, yes , besides, he didn’t know how we could handle the fair. with your creditors. So, at the fair, I receive a telegram from David Fedorovich that Ivanovich is a hundred "f.•.. ._______1502_______ - aren’t allowed by the banks in all the counts ”and convincingly ask for help so that they could allow them to make a test and offer to buy from them all the plots of arable land, for the price" we bought from Vladimir Andreevich "or peasants 1 өрөвни - Trofimovskaya. Personally, I think nuhym go? to help, buy land and if there is hope ”to cope with my bills of exchange of our company and if, on our part, I’m“ lasen to buy land, telephon me. * otl til, which if sui = ma. to save and save the land, buy all "plots, with the payments of our company it is completely secured, hel * for our company it is safe from the bank - not. It took about a week to get it .. a telegram from the Ivanovichs was bought land approximately “to say thousands, I suppose the matter is settled without protests. It did. More over or two and II "unit. telographs; Ivanovichi ye-vyder gave; protests began, shikhail to go to the nizhny Novgorod yarilarka to seek help from A1olos '' Suslolarov. Mistress: 0, Two days later Lizanl Іra take a show to the fair, comes to the bathroom, cries, ask for help, please! ° DO NOT learn that we are not able to dodges sovs: m. Sichali, does not take into account any bank in Vyatka. 'We didn’t have a single Veksan Ezdili in St. Petersburg, Tan, through Filipov they asked the Russian bank for support in their current trade, but nothing came of it, couldn’t it be • anything to do among the fair banks. account z mії stykh "creditors and in: in doubtful cases5 requested from private banks and only from Stny and first class: Nys gіekselya. They are taken into account without a request for .. mіsta, s.. . . . . . . . .59:one:_______1503_______ . if you had bills from the II өterburg merchant M.V. Maximov or Moskvich Baburin for wool, at least for half a million, but you can immediately take into account, and home bills without a request in Vyatkahere not to take into account and if you do not hope that Vyatka Banks will be able to give favorable answers, then do not stand and try. But Fedor said: I cabled that you wanted to ask for help from your wife’s uncle from Apolos Tanovich Susloparov and went. You asked that he was Val V from C. I asked, but he categorically refused and advises the announcementbankruptcy management, collect lenders and offer with tender or bankruptcy management. go, please, contact A.P. Susloparov, thou shalt eat him, that he might help3; maybe "be you - eat him съ cut" thread .. I went. къ A.P. Susloparov, began to urge him that he was kindly supported and helped, temporarily turned upside down, you are a wealthy and independent man; You have children, no one and no companion, or no control, for the sake of a nanny, help for 10-20 thousand. Apolos Malovich. Wort - public relations, said that “help you ladies, they’re even closer to you, relatives and namesakes, said that, having offered & $ our offer, we helped, of course, it’s for you from Mikhail Ivanovich, I’m personally,” Zeyv my desire, I do not have the right, I have a partner, my own family, and then my big business is connected with creditors and to help a large amount means to deplete my own company. Ap.Suslіtarov, said that Imhail Ivan. I had a stay and I see that 10-20 thousand of them were saved, I am not a pain either I consider it possible for myself to take risks, I have my own business, which I still want to continue and finallyTr. 1one._______1504_______ . . . . . . . . . : ",". . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . to collect a creditor to offer transaction or establish. administration or competition, because I don’t see another way out, I don’t see, I said that if .. You are sure that even twenty thousand people couldn’t save this, of course, there’s nothing left for me to do “how to collect creditors. Returning to myself” v. number from Susloparov, I communicated to Ivikhail Ivanovich in all of our ... conversation with Susloparov and - he "repelled what to do for what, do God’s SM- Your will and today will go home and fire: I’ll still have a conversation with the bank managers My father Michael Eve. Zadailische - to Tryphon Mich. Laptev, but then I appointed him both this and that.there were conversations, it wasn’t known to much. Having returned to Vyaku, they faded - Ivanovich, about the error. all the banks, frankly razkaaal, that "without profit, and that we advised him." They asked him to collect creditors, and to reveal that the ball and all the books with the documents were sent to him by the bank governor. Then Mikhail and Nikolai Ivanovich immediately appointed the assembled charity donors through nъdөlyu. Tue of Russia and Siberia sent invitations by telegram. But their main lenders were banks, of $. private lenders prіz gal iz iz Warsaw dovѣrennym - Pfeiffer, with a letter to the pl. My very own, Vladislav Vladislavovich Pfeiffer, with a request to help them, to the best of their ability, at the meeting of creditors, accept this or that decision in relation to Ivanovich, i.e. to go, whether on a routine or on, setting up an administration day or a competition of ngo management, in one word, as you send, so we will give and send, as we have given, is at the order, for we know. Vasya, we have long been hoping to keep eating Ba for a long time, and you advise us for the general good to be impartial, since we assume that you have all the business of trading at the house of Ivan T, Vakhrushev knows.one._______1505_______. .Pevery well; we nowѣ, very, were sonalѣөm прод that we sold them the first connector, without consulting, surname. Trusted brother-pfeifөrѣch irіѣha ed. With this letter, yours: the village ", asked ѣ idѣ naad% home-and stay with us Отд dohѣ. I handed in writing to my chew and really regretted that I didn’t find it, the owners • made it clear that: I..byls to Nizhny family fair ѣ Who ... more: from ѣ • private creditors ’attended. I don’t know at the meeting of creditors, but: from the side of the banks there were - their:. managing with: their lawyers. Apparently, the main creditor. was х Volkhsko-Kamsky: banks and from ѣ : he was present.: At the meeting, the manager: Luka Nikolayevich Kiryanko, co - lawyerѣ Alexandroiz Aleksan rovichen IIrozorovym.Poslѣdnіy chi wasbalance sheet and books, all unanimously agreed that the balance sheet was drawn up correctly, nothing was hidden, it went bankrupt not intentionally, but was caused by a trade crisis and was greatly reduced by the price of treasury supplies. Likewise, ”they were ready - to go on: one thing, but managing the State! By the bank. V.I.Shcheglov statedѣ that the charter. The State Bank does not allow any discounts or allowances ... if the amount of the State Bank's repayment was not large, then we could recommend to extend it fully for “payment, and for the rest of the creditors to establish a private agreement to support the company and provide it with an obligation again, continue to pursue its business: until such as - having fully disbursed the entire amount for the State Bank, the rest of the creditors will have almost nothing left and will continue to continue the business of companies, that I can only speak for the institution of the competition Agro-management and liquidation of the company. TohdBUT._______1506_______ .,*The State Bank receives: on the legal basis of an equal part with the other creditors, in proportion to how much the calculation will result in the final liquidation of the entire loan.Orn unanimously decided to establish tenders for management, headed by the tabernacle of Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Prozorov, as a sworn representative who would protect the interests of Volivko-Kamskago Bank .0 imprisoned Ivanovich didn’t raise money to collect money, because tomѣ aluchaѣ when they have a document that all shares are notpresented to the creditorsѣ that he was hiding in order to deprive .. it was possible, h. to undo the hidden. In this case, the law ѣ creditors provided. every right to temporarily imprison debtors in debt, while the $ maintenance of such debtors in prison is credited to your creditors, i.e. qazѣ and prison adil nistratsii according to the established such, q cost, maintenance for caddagoa shareholder, who was sent to the prisoner in respect of creditors ’claims approved by the court, since the Ivanovichi, the lender, the ball, had unanimous approval. and it was recognized that, nothing is hidden, then theyfor no reason. not subject to imprisonment. Competition singing. Firn Ivanovich, crawled for three years. -Ali four, since a year and a half after their bankruptcy a war occurred, Al. Al Prozorov was given the opportunity to build a profitable house, rent factories and aa factory, and the money for the rent came into the general, competitive administration, i.e. enlarged unity, liquidation, and sweat. mu creditors were in no hurry about speeding up the end of the contest pago .ul:------ ---.. ......_______1507_______ . ravenleniya, 0bankrutivi and the same early all the Vakhrushevs, planted in th ... .... .. ... .. ... ... .. .... .. ... .. .. ... ...I’ve been there for six months, and "the first month to nine,were issued, for all the property of the TWO-HADA, having appeared atNau or at the factory is not a great fan of Voe, it was described According to the lawsuits "::, 4, :::::::::::::...........}}, {:,op POB IPH VOMO lenders from this operareceivedOda Novavery few, but private banks agreed with them. Tak "ronafailed, agreement to Siberian Trade- * * * X:::::totiv 30 kopecks. one ruble, will say that Birakiy Bapk brought the son-in-law of Stepan Fedorovich, Vladinir Vikhaylovich Lyutkin, to the service of the “artel worker in the Nizhny Novgorod Siberian Bank Potot’son the same terms Urepan entered and other lenders andandbanks, andpres notSay nothing bi lѣ shouldі.:". . . .......four• on"the rest of Vakhrushe were liquidated with banks and private creditors - you, I didn’t knowѣ and heard nothing. Only after it turned out that it was found out that the plant of the younger Ilyichөѣ was laid even before their bankruptcySoyus son-in-law kazanokon өrg Pavlovich Mokhov / husband Klavdiy Ilyinishna /. I don’t remember the security deposit, but later I started the war of the joint venture, Mokhov suggested I buy this plant from him ”I didn’t want to buy 75,000 ores for that price, but later I burned it because the factory ”this Mokhovy was by Irddan in the very first year of the war, Yaberburg to the merchant Veryabitskon, and in the last year of the war, Břrzybicki Perəpro gave the plant to a large merchant merchant Steinberg. peen opoyka, bo ko-kalf. Ilyich Alexander and Athanasius during the war served with Verzhbitskago, helping him to carry on business while delivering short fur coats to the army, but their service did not last long..RE.*,m ..... ty Ivanovich Vakhrushev, Ivory Iolo vu ~ e: -...: ........... . .... .. . . .4, 4 .... . . .. .. . ..I c. 3: -P ". ....... ...{:. . .....1, t...._______1508_______ -,,,,. . . . . ::::::::::: Vikhail Ivanovich, Vakhrushev), immediately after the bankruptcy, I went to Alushbat kTrifov vdikhailovich Laptev in qualityNago, from ап Laptev, разъzf caught in Siberia for the purchase of raw materials. Nikolay and. and #anovich Vakhrushөv rented in Svobodacon uѣzd. Yaroslavsky volost in the Tatar village Karino a small plot of landI bought a small locomobile and drowned a zucrmolnaya nelnitsa in the name of my wife, Klavdiya Andreyevin. You have equipped this mill and worked on it for two years, once gouging a nuka for the Tatar-peasant, so I fed myself while living on 8th. өy ry Karpѣ. The whole bankrupt Vakhrusheva, after leaving the prison, see that they didn’t do anything without revealing what was hidden during the bankruptcy, Ivan Fedorovich "entered the service of Nko I bark Ilinchu and ate it was pulled up to the year 19. Wool Irbitoko Yariarkp Firnich Match-and-sneaky F1.lѣsnikovo and V.P. Rylovo still went bankrupt *. it was more interested in Moscow capital syabvѣ Borsa Aleksѣovicha Shvetsova sѣ physicians - tyami that voglasilis recoup vaѣ bills lѣsnikovy th Rylova in chastnyhѣ bankovѣ and chastnyh kreditorov 30 ° kӧn for the ruble, while Gosudarstvennago Bank fully This Wai factory and all imun exist Shvetsova was aќtsіonerovano pods firm.. The joint-stock company of ѣsnikov and Rylov school and capital в “два two yilfons of rubles with a share of ѣsnikov and Rylov was given a share of 20 * or” 25 * * and a director’s list of “Pravlepіd with: n.ya. Belay Spay and Management•Gr v.ca_______1509 _______factory, but n..Rylovѣ continued to live: in Moscow, led the sale of mhov and match and the purchase of raw materials in. Moscow and at the fairs of Irbitoy and Nizhny Novgorod. Soon, they went on a large scale and already. ae needed vi bank banking, private loan. . . .• • In the fall of 1912, Trading House Brothers Nikolay, Alekfѣy and Danthree. The Iliichi Vakhrushevs / ieIlich, the elders, as they were all called / compiled the October annual report on the activities of the factory and the factory over the past year and found that they have a loss for this year ”-there is still a big deal, including% for the previous year, and all of their $ capital, oh — the remaining yoy after father, 200,000 rubles each. for brother, and for three®, having madeshih this trade house for 600,000 rubles, half of it, more at a loss at the expense of the last years, and the rest by the buildings on Borovits, 7 of the factory, shoe, factory and sawmill, negotiable mediumNali Nykh did not remain in the reporting ball but only the amount. Property values ​​and loans.%. at the same time, banks began to push on them, All three brothers lost heart, "did not say what they should" do and, where. seek help. Save them completely Dmitriy Ivanovich Filipov in St. Petersburg - g., Having secured their credit in a Russian-foreign "bank", put on their bills accounted for in this - bank note form. Apparently also his own form on the glasses. d.Iv.Filipov gave the elders, Ilyichay “a bank for the Volga-Kamskan too, for a bank, while in Vyatka ѣgo management -the most vocal - Bull Luka N. Kiryanko, continued to lend extensively to older ones. Ilyich, but, in connection with everything. The cheeses are described above. went bankrupt, by the end of 1912, in ІVolzhsko “Kamskom Bankѣ, l, N. Kiryanko was finally dismissed and 11a his place, that is, the managers of the Vyatka branch, the Volga-Kama Bank was sent in% and 8% Sheter -in_______1510_______x ..,.Burgan manager Fe: E :: Tsyyrman, a great lover of rhyming in verse, often impromptu making Qatar rhyme, and sometimes by the way; Once at a charity performance: Вѣ Vyatka., ousted by the governor's wife. - Tatyana according to Ivanovna Strakhovskaya ve, Maria’s benefit from Victoria, after the performance, in the theater’s lobby, she used to have a cold voice for: artists and honorary invited guests “Governor.” B% this time was in Petersburg. I. eaten up: “I’m invited to stay 8 — on the hook, and iv.I. Lapi tvvs and S.E: Tsynermany also stayed and got along. There was a logo toasting for the Campansky and Tsanernaya” B8 I thought in verse to iron out the TO .. ​​for: missing the beginning -nickname governor. Ovѣ • vatal ”and said: Vypљenyuni whoever you are .-“ Kovekagoјa governor. Strakhovskago. Tatyana Ivanovna Insurance "sky offense", interrupted him and said, and I - I will take, wa, my spiritIvan Mikhailovich. Tsymurivnyu confused: and going up to her, half-headed• 'I apologized, but all those present found themselves in an awkward position - for him. But Zimerman supported. creditors of senior Ilyichand they had been in their country. ” in the village of Voznesensko-Vakhrushev. - on Bo - rovits%; but of the other bank managers none. Ilyich, dөhave been. With assistance and support. D.I. Filipova continued to support the two elders. : by banks, the elder Ilyich defeated the financial crisis. 1912, safely, not bankrupt, but pulling up a bullet i.e. declined strongly at home. expenses and in compliance | whether ummѣrөnnos did not crawldi tovaunderstock loans3.tkabout the plantѣ. For this purpose, from the bank, for our reason, at the factory we shipped artiltsik, who, according to the orders or orders of the bank, took in the warehouse and returned goods to us as needed. Woѣ.13: vul. ;. . .. . .. . !!eII goodsstar:wallow indifferent insurancetotalө0 TB x and keep it ». . ., ??you were from VyatkaVeden uralogyutsii. Go -It was only for locking and filling the Siberian Bank, and the bank issued a loan for us at a rate of 50 to 75% of the value of the goods for the same for the transactions that were charged for the accounting of bills. Zakim so our fi - rsha freely survived the financial crisis of 1912.In connection with bankruptcy in Vyatka or for other reason 13 - the intention is to manage, but the administration of the state bankruptcy is VladMir Ivanovich: Dulkov Bykh Ive Vyatka first governor of the State Bank of the Republic of Belarus, and v. Vyatka prіkhkhalym again appointed - appointed manager Valery Vasilyevich Vogel. Seeing a very aw - ho numz, when he showed up for the first time in the bank and the meeting of the next meeting of the accounting committee, the Comptroller introduced him to all the members of the accounting committee and this first meeting passed quietly. With the exit% pvc Bapka, Yakovѣ dlk sandrovich. Zubarevs, a former member of the committee from Kotelnichesky uzd, whisper in your ear: that according to the new management, it’s as if too dry, I’m distracting you: I’ll manage without any problems, everything will go smoothly. But:.from.:;;...... . . . . .. . . . ::business is always better than clinging._______1513_______::2BUTEverything soon came to a conclusion, it became clear that Valery. You. Vogelochen is a very good, soul-conscious man, trying to make friends. go, all members of the accountThe Committee “Vn mnnіyu” of the caddago: he listened and adapted. On the other hand, he personally became friends with his family at the same time as his wife. Elena AlekSandrovna, and daughter, were often with us in the village, and on the Vyatka apartment number ... also with his wife often; been; at: nih away, hard. I have a breakfast at his place: apartments, a bank of zoo. ambush: accounting ”of the Committee, and sometimes also: Club B: Sibirsky Bankѣ, Vyatka ,, B2 concѣ; 1912 ”, managing director Alexander Markovich. Olonnikovѣ bіl pere - vөden on a long ice; manager: b; Kharkov, with a large increase - --ey, II: Olennikovѣ last two years I amOyal membership of the Accounting Committee: Vyatskago. Separation: Siberian Bank. But, ed: prіvdovѣ it is new governing in; Vyatka star Siberian Wank. : Ivan Nikolaev - cha Ushakova, I: members of the Committee ’no account i was not: invitation. She: na - shөl "inconvenient to have a committee" and 85 people living: at $ y, and therefore me: and. - Nikolai Vasilyev. Veraksin, invitedѣ. 83 Committee 3 exclusively merchants і city of Vyatka: D.F. Konova, N., Ukhora, and I do not remember yet: someone Fr. third. But, the ratio of un. the new manager in Mr. Ushakova was very good, even too kind, "waiting for the company’s burden: 5: Siberian": Bank for the best. Narosho. But, for some reason, I personally did not sympathize with Ushakov when җөRa .. mine was. - “I’m sick and lying - - I asked Vyatka, the extra bed was needed. Ushakov, I’ve been: naad with a visit from Ilya: Vyatokoy’s apartment, with: than: I wanted 3: to send? K% Soup tsovu. Av magtai to buy: "a bed. And a mattress%. Ushakov, having heard, said that he has an extra bed: for apartmentsѣ, do not buy.; I will beat you my own and when: blowjob. I must give the faithful. For this. Apolli naria••four.it Et,_______1514_______Alekseevna, she always sympathized with Ushakova and wondered why I, on the contrary, did not sympathize with him. ” . . . . .Yucc: cobar a erul meu The whole day before the event, we had a big fire, we burned a factory and wooden sushi, and Ivan Fedorovich Vakhrushev’sambara, and I’ve got a little more and our wooden barns were melted / bought from Ivanovskago /, konchok k5 odvoritsѣ Ivan: Fedorovich. Wrandmaur? there were no between them, only the wooden fence was separated from the doorway; nasham ma barah - the goods that were insured and pledged to the Rebirsk bank were completely piled up, approximately by a million rubles “When the beginning” to the plantѣ. Ivan Dedorovich’s fire, the workers were no longer there $ ”and the people surrounding the village and the air of Ndkhѣ plants came out to extinguish the fire: and, most importantly, the workers, our workers started up our steam pumpsand all: we hand-held fire houses and the fence between him and our plant broke all the water and 85 of his well: they pumped 8%. the windows in the Gorli factory were mainly the upper wooden ceiling and the roof of the factory — yes, they could not stand for anything, all were burnt down, and since the middle ceiling had been tiled in two T-beams, then it wasn’t burned, but from the heat the iron beams were glowing and started. bend, and then the arches fell, and the beams. Sovsѣm bent and you орот yanked. I8, close the ends, splits, along half the arnu and the inner water on it, collapsed with the arches inside the factory. The outer wall stood alone, the window frames, the doors to both. Etooh, and the four tannins all burned up when the fire was thrown out of the factory. on sushil-barns - Ivan Fedorovich, then the barns blazed. Take this momentthere was a strong danger nashin akbaram in which there were_______1515_______ .whatthose. .onehalf a million goods in stockѣ. Half of our workers% seceded - rushed and rushed out to pull out $ 4 of all goods, artisans of the Siberian region. the bank broke. fillings and removed .. locks, tak.: that in the course of half the time. Everything was pulled out. From Zambarov: to: yard, back. Ot according to the charisma gi: dumped: indiscriminately :: vѣ: a bunch., Between tѣm. as empty: like barns all the time watered with water, stewards! #Asosa, under the control of ent found mechanic Ivan Nick: loludnitsynallust akbarni? not. it caught fire, but: y :: Ivan Fed:, mandar: finally argued ...}} the fire occurred at night and everything was destroyed in the morning. In the morning. Entry: village ka, management manager: Siberian Bank also had an insurance agent / I saw that everything that was logged was safe and after listening to the artisan’s report, I gave 5 workers of our plant five hundred rubles to start a gift, at the expense of the insurance company for however, he gave a large reward to the arweller for his discretion. . Your company was asked to find out what kind of losses would be due to a broken fence or damage to goods, to calculate and declare, and the insurance company to consolidate everything. But ”Our company stated that the only thing: save, nothing was burned, then we do not claim any claims to the public company, and we take the goods and take them at our own expense. All this .. Olennikovѣ zagroto - called out and informed Petersburg. Management Board of the Insurance Company and second management. Siberian Bank. The last began to relate to our 1 s. .. ... ... ... ... .... . . . .. it. I. . . i1. ", - 11.3. *. Firms & with large location and location, because I saw that1. Ғ. ! ! ! . . . :::. : i. one. ... .. . ... ... ... .2; , dit, .... ... .... .. we could seize the opportunity and disrupt 25 or 50 thousand. . . . . . . . . ., 10 { } . . . . . . } } } } } eleven.! . . . . . . . . ! : rubles from the insurance company, I didn’t want to take anyC :, 13 :: :::::::::::::}, {{: 3 "14:::::: 2, 3 .. .. goods, after the end of the whole goods. Goods Pulled from abarohalf an hour, during the whole week 20 people had to disassemble...._______1516_______.clean :: Wear back. By - barns. ft- fortunately, nothing was lost or spoiled. After 3 years or more. at the factoryѣ there was another small gift at: a shoe factoryӣ; c) the storage room lit up the garbage. and began to burn: the tanning blanks of a saroy of goods, but we quickly paid off all our means, howling our workshop and BT goods were insured in another. Society, because we had to bring to the attention of the agent / surname of this agent I don’t remember. I immediately arrived, examined the place, said nothing, went. k. nakh at 10 house, asking me on the way, for what amount we want to claim for income from the insurance company. I said that the loss is not big, we will fix it by our own means, and therefore we won’t say 3 amounts , for claim 500 or 1000 rubles. . it’s not worth it ..., God, having saved from a large pocht, they were not allowed to come here - the loss of Islam was caused by Vogu). '' don't count. The agent stated that, in this case, it had not happened. if I were to inform you, I wouldn’t spend it on prіzd. In any case • I have to convey: About this in the management of the Straight society, as a gift for free, and personally for my own. Hassle: I tried to add rubles to the chicken fly: another, for myself. unscrewed, if any, then draw up the protocol at its discretion, make your own judgments on the Sudra’s.BUT.:oneeleven....T.3ku,thoseIf you see losses, you’ve seen a spoiled item and add what you want for yourself. Yanz returned to the factory, invited three people who were literate and literate workers, counted and estimated the goods for them, estimated the loss for more than ten thousand rubles, the witnesses signed the protocol and he returned to our house....._______1517_______E•g.*g.Lam uѣhal, Slobodskoye, and the agent asked my father to sign the protocols. Father. signed up. : I: I expressed surprise that it really was. -much spoiled goods. The agent rejected that, in his opinion,there is such an amount, but Petersburg may charge: ө ө через через ѣ ѣ ѣ Общество прис Insurance Company: sent us ѣ through ѣ the same rent: in full Addendum ѣ п окол окол окол сумму ѣ сумму ѣ часть сумму сумму сумму сумму сумму сумму сумму сумму сумму сумму сумму сумму сумму сумму сумму сумму сумму сумму сумму сумму сумму сумму сумму сумму сумму. We: 9 did not get such money from trading books, yes: 19 they came to cover unforeseen expenses and losses that were not listed in the books. :-from12:g.esu: 91tneitherSc. 6 from əsіlmіvlyu Pinsleklәrәv "and prepl. 408 y. Hofung despurioso Unicretineba.“In the autumn of 1912, factory inspector Nikolai Yakovlevich Yezhov died in Vyatka and was buried in Vyatka. A new factory inspector was appointed from St. Petersburg. A.P. Baryshnikov.” He, and especially his father, were friends with his family In .Vo gel, and through Vogel, we made friends and ate our family, often Barysh Niklva and Vogel were together with us and I. Iglaptev and we had a visit with the Laptevs as well.Elections dep ol her Vetera 2 yr.By U vyvopostelyo ay u nuendo chloero che - At the end of September 1912, you Vyatka elections were held in the fourth State Duma. I was not a member of the sample - in the fourth Duma, since from the peasants of Slobodsky uzd to Stulovskaya Volodti I could go through electors to Slobodskofour• ••congress, but ѣ ѣ в ’_______1518_______. Kovkrestyan, a man of 28, and from them to the governorate for elections from ѣ uz - yes in proportion. only two cretins were elected. I bummed about getting two of them, and therefore didn’t put up: “My candidate is from the peasantry” B% of the previous State Duma electors from the Slobodsky district I passed according to the property qualification ran together with the landowners who were steep for such elections were few, then I freely passed the elections from Sloboda to the provincial assembly. The elections to the fourth Duma, the electoral law was amended and the land qualification was. it was so low that it turned out to be Slobodsky. from the west, and throughout the Vyatka province, there were many small owners of landowners, clergy, rectors, more than twenty people attended the Slobodsky electoral assembly, and only four people needed to be elected from Slobodsky then I preferred to evade at least these elections. your electionI voted for the 4th Duma, I used it in the city of Vyatka, for the apartment tax, and submitted my ballot for the right candidates nominated by the monarchist party, but I personally didn’t take part in any election meeting. The city of Vyatka’s monarchical party held electors of Alexander Ukovlevich You are Ryshkin, but I don’t remember anymore. Father Slobodskih zәmlekladѣltsev vybrschiki passed. Stefan Popov, Rector, Catherine Churchm the landowner tsev and from the city of Slobodsky, I remember. The peasants are the same Sloboda. • the peasants on the Stulov volost Ivan ti vai dovich Kropachev and Ivan Rolanovich Kropachev: “for the peasants’ choice...Shchikov an apartment was arranged, in soderavі өмъ in Vyatka,_______1519_______:.3."-andGEpeople’s house and nobody in the east was allowed to him. Many electors stayed in a hotel x5-roomsѣ or in private. apartments with friends. Izvatsky father. Stefan IIopov, not going to the roomsѣ and acquaintances of the room, asked me to stay at her apartment --- Vyatka’s apartment, where they simply spent time at the Vyatka gymnasium and in real ... I had pleasure to provide my room with a bed and bedding. Surely free of charge, howling week until the preliminary meeting will take place and select. But for this period of time I almost daily went to Vyatka and was interested in Father Stefan Popov. I asked for a round of elections in general and for individual electors. Xѣ, in particular, from the other gih uzdov, since I knew of some electors and others. uzzdov, as vowels of the provincial zemstvo, or had some friends from their friends. So for example iz Orlovskago yѣ8 yes ¢ edor Ivanovich. Platunov informed mіnѣ in detail vol. Oryolelectors, some of them are good musicians, others are bad. Ex. Kotelnichesky uzda is also about everything, said in Fedor. Lavrentievhiv Togarinov already gave it. All of them, these svѣdѣnіya, I handed over to Father Ste - tanu. Popov, with my guarantee ѣ that sv оченьdѣnіya is very verny. In turn, from Stefan handed over these information to the chairman of the pre-election congregation Glazovsky: an official, or a well-monarchist and you: they were very grateful to Stefan Popov and others for it. When they were selected for election ”, They through Father Stefan Popov, addressed many requests, # ak, for example arapulsky peasant-tradersіxET ,,ghjsi,.g.+X.ny_______1520_______Fraction and I spoke at the pre-election meeting that he was with the monarchical ubuddonies and ready to run for parliament - you are from Sarapul district, and since there was no one who was more suitable for this from the place, it was not before the election that was collected. the wolf in sheep's clothing and therefore he was not given a definite answer, the general should be discussed during the day ... In the evening of 8 o. Stefan, when he arrives home, he asks if I know Drobini and what kind of “convinced I answered, which is wonderful I know, "already nine years agothe gubernatorial voiced nago• came to power, in “features” “under the governor ѣ Prince Gorchakov. In Saralt, the Ulytsy walked unanimously against the Government and tried to carry out the ѣ tired’s yes to the губ provincial’ council of Imashev and that added a lot: nyadot gorochakov ”Nayiry ojnosti. In every case *, during the provincial assembly, we ° never - didn’t invite“ our private partner Nii Drobinin; 0; ; otherwise, you almost enrolled him Ndidates to choose cadidates for the 4th State Duma, hesitated a lot and now, he will not pass. I was also asked by "Father Stef I don’t know if I am a peasant" of the Vyatka district of the Vozhgalsky volost of Kalinin, who was formed at the city schools and served as a clerk in Vyatka at the Gribushinsky tea company. I told him that I know this very well , it’s been more than three years old at the same time — it was with me a voice. It’s a relatively young boy, who is both resourceful and smart. He is firmly convinced that he has neither the right nor the left, but soon he has no party personally beneficial_______1524_______-svddnіya electors, his like-minded people, who themselves would like to include Tyryshkina in the list of nominated candidates for deputies of the state. Governor. I.M. Strakhovskiy said, I know that you are not a candidate, but I know that you have made more elections for the current elections, and each elector individually, and therefore I ask you to submit, sendtry to get Tyryshka’s consent to and, if it’s not difficult for you, inform me of his answer. Having returned from the governor of the Iago, lefonorovals Tyryshkina at 3 pm, but many told that he was at home and did not know whether he would return at A I /%, or 5 o’clock. I askedLet me know by phone as soon as he returns. for urgent matter. On the most - it turned out that he simply slept and did not want to wake him up at home. As soon as he got up, he spoke, telephoned and told him5 in detail about the wishes of the governor to have. consent Arəksandra. Yakovlevich: balabytiryatsya and on my own behalf added that Father Stefan Popov, at my request, will arrange among his own people - VE Promyshlennikov so that his election will be secured. Al, Yaartyrysh ki ya denied that under no circumstances could he run for the deputies of the State Duma for the simple reason that, for family reasons, he needed to be at Vyatka to arrange his material position, which he had made zonaslednikov, was upset. And to the electors, I only died at the insistent request of the respected ones, protecting our unanimous thinkers, and then I warned * that I wouldn’t ballot for deputies / 42 cases, I can not. Thank the Governor of me for the honor but, sorry. vi: 0 I can not agree to his request. -_______1525_______•ttvthoneone,-I again personally approached the governor, and at once I invited her — they invited him, his office and I handed over. Whole conversation with. Tyryi Nvi. hiding nothing, Eve. m. Strakhovskіy expressed dokhalѣnіe and added ти you can’t do anything / if you can’t. and he didn’t want to, he didn’t choose him forcibly and thanked me for the “chores. All that”: “this evening all the candidates were notified, and the last days the list was Elyuchen’s list was Vyar - the first peasant Kalinin / ғribin nakі't clerk /, but to him - they said that it was only thanks to Vakhrushev’s certification that we would accept you on Wednesday, try to justify and prove Barni’s claimed doppelgänger and don’t compromise Vakhrushen’s attestation. On the next day, all of them should be chosen; were you “bad for the first time?” Vyatka province its ninth, de putatovѣ turned out to be more right and included three proto-є reys, but: recall to Arch-є rey, the best of 2 of the entire Vyatka province. But the peasants Kalinin, as љҮ ноп ал ал в Ё ос у - - дар дар дар быстро быстро быстро быстро быстро быстро быстро быстро быстро 70 70 70 70 70 70 70 70 70 70 70 70 70 70 70 70 70 70 70 70 70 70 70 70 70 70 70 70 70 70 70 70 70 70 70 70 70 70 ёз fractions in-fractions, before. progressists, inclusive, and hc2, like eight children, until the koment revolution, remained in the right marriage of the State Duzha. Bivaya frequency of Neterburg I met with Vukya Vyatka deputies Father Stefana opovninaѣ and eat Jaranski! - housekeeper. Nikolai Pavlovich tarodumovi, and sometimes d% used their courtesy and services at different facilities - that is? On the day of the final Vibor’s 4th State Duma, in the morning, when oh, Geeba. Iаopov went and 35 0 - the second apartment for the election I told him that when the election is over, you will invite all your newly elected, on your behalf and on my behalf representatives - to my quarter, to give, and we have prepared ~ for all the pie.ІнRU;..._______1526_______{at the end of the election, all the newly elected went to the Visas - to the Bishop Archbishop, then to the Bishop Bishop, governor, bird-governor, Councilor of the Board, k. A., shu bina and still to someone, so to many they appeared at five o'clock in the evening, very hungry and now. started to study. On a happy day in the left Vyatka newspaper ed. gloating has been described that new. the chosen people, after the election, went with visas to the ruler of the twenties and the church administrations and ended the day before dying with the ex: Stnago P. A. Vakhrusheva.- 24 Mikhail Vasilievich. Vironov was still acquainted with Vyatkos Kali or vyy when the last hearing was with Gribushin at the end of the war. Kali is not now; I’m in Petersburg, congratulated өgo on 3 - swearing at representatives of the people, invited ali for breakfast and steel asking him how he managed to get in. .noorkom Duputates of the State Duma. Dali didn’t say, I rendered “Art service in the Gubernskoye Zemstvo during the elections. Syryaev and - for it is 1. A. Vakhrushev led me to the State Duma - Kironov” - asked. vl_yanіe.Kalinin otvtil, not at all, he was not an elector, but he had a lodging of Sloboda Proto-priere, and Vakhrushev through himd yas tvetl, whom heseemed to be chosen. I have already been recorded - in the last queue. Vakhrudtsev referred them. I. Tarnoktna and me, in Tyryshkin. categorically refused, then menіya. enrolled in post-day: 0 turn, and through - O. Protoотоєrey Stefan Po-va :: I was warned that only. 10 Attachment of Vakhrushev accept me for free. group .. And the rest of the peasants are all and oldOh 2:i • I627 - Duma members are elected solely on the recommendation of Vakhrushev .. he is familiar with the entire province and everywhere he has interests, so that whom he respects is the one. and chose. Mux. You. Mironovѣѣѣ потом потом потом потом потом потом потом потом потом потом потом потом 8 потом 8 8 потом 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 раз 8 раз раз раз раз разѣѣѣѣѣѣѣѣѣѣѣѣѣѣѣѣѣѣ чтоѣ что что что что 4 4 4 4 4 said that the 4th Duma from the ят Vyatka province was elected by decree - - mi yamV. P. .. Vakhrusheva and I myself have heard ... it’s fromdeputies, but, of course, the majority didn’t lie to him. When? elections took place in the 4th State Duma, and pre-election at the same time, meeting, at that time my son. Ғikolay - ed. Snn em Vihailo vichyBuѣu ө zhsko and pokhals at the first connector of Germany at the factory lilte khera, for study: leather production. Youѣ hali - they are ish "VyatkiSeptember 26, 1932. Before: you arrived at the train station, we all gathered. Tue our Vyatka. Apartments, lit: in front of% of the images and a lambadka, sat down in their places, then stood up, prayed • with three earthly worshipers,they took the prosphora and the small image “icon, blessed” the departing son of Nicholas, first I, and then Apollie Nariya “Alexѣөvna, and the shutter otEE Zhushiyy came up with the same icon and prosphora to the archpriest• Father Stephen, asked for his blessings. From: Proto Yere Takeblessed then all conducted from the departing. to the railway station - roads. өcherom, during a conversation with his father Stefan. - I - said thatthen God made it very young to send their son abroad and to a stranger a foreigner - although he, we know, has a good side, but not very long ago. Father Stefan Popov addressesto пѣ and к3 хөнѣ and say: believe me, everything will be very good, and the result will be brilliant, because you are very Christianki blessed .. your son and spent, I was proud "for all Brao. and. I will pray to God for. son of yours::...................RE: g._______1528_______.- Analarmen having denied 4, introducing Nalichbriolib, even and religion wa me romend »damond}one, In 192. In August, when I was at the Tizhegorodskaya Yar Mark and was a member of the State Committee's Accounting Committee - the Bank of Rozhny, at that time Stepan Divan Fedorovich was already in charge of V. Vyatka Prison. They really wanted to undermine the credit of our fira inunderpêduinora the bankrupt bankruptcy trustee and the bank donors put me in jail. Stepan Fedorovich’s son-in-law Leonid Ivanovich. Dolgushөv, vlz v Slobodskoy, furrier's money at the expense of the father-in-law, i.e. Stepan F. Vakhrushev. Въ прі% хальъъ авгуфтѣ. to the Nizhny Novgorod fair and brought it. and 8%, don ѣ from the group to the Fed .: written digital - and t ,rial, each of us shared our company with Stepanaѣ and Iv Ivan Fedorovichalni I8, who had a view of the great debt of our company and it’s a lot of fake facts and a lot of paint regarding: supplies onour company boots $ .. and 83 shoes soles, despite the fact that "cont.• of your ousting. When you see the quartermaster’s employer, try the eggs, the new Inta Indians ’directors, the officer, who finished the special intendar — such as the coupon, we found the sons who had the abovementioned abuse from the merchant, “It was the head of the Quartermaster that the warrant was transferred to the war -: to whom the investigator, who did it - is being investigated as it is, and, probably, the return is up. Good work of the tenant of the Quartermaster, and tact of the directors of the trading house F.T. Vakhrushev sons and terminatedwith them of this long-term contract,?fourfour_______1529_______E!-g-The company - expect a sad sorrowful. L. IV Dolgushev was well known as an editor. Nizhny Novgorod Yariarvina t “a small newspaper under the name“ Nizhny Novgorod Yariar Telegraph ”and; tibes druzyb, or on especially secret conditions, handed him a scrap of paper for printing in this newspaper. On the first days of August, that is, on: the first nine days of the Yarkarkl, I receive a letter from the city post saying that I’m different, fair fair, there will be a discrediting article for which my enemy relatives paid the editor? 00 rubles, in order to defame me and undermine credit and kill our firms and Sovѣ tuѣk accept myths, pay twice or three times, but don’t let k -this article was printed, “your friend” was signed, In the evening of the same day I met at the fair son-in-law of Timofey I. Varfenovich (Aakhrushev Nikolai Se - Danovich. II ovi, who took me aside and said; you have a lot of enemies among your relatives - the most evil and 3% of them. Leonid I. Dolgushev. Be careful and try to stay away from him, because through it?Difficulties and troubles. I can’t say anything more, and I don’t have the right to say anything, but I’m only obliged to warn you in a friendly manner, but I shouldn’t tell anyone to tell you about all this. Did you hear me the next morning? <r I receive from the editorial office of the "Fair Telegraph"a short letter to the couver, who • me? I invite you to go - but for those editing on an urgent basis; I’m the same, together: I’ve smiled on editorial i0, where I was introduced to the editor. He took me to Kabi Kiet and so gave me a lot: an article printed on Рө moment toneѣ, 8ar-reclaimed? for vazeta, offer l - sѣst and comb 6addingѣ that hens, black ми8% 10 he will come back “and leftpageEBUTT_______1530_______....cabinet, shutting the door behind him ... to read this really, stunning article, was upset, worried, but the river, until tomorrow | calm down and go once more to the editor • 11 he returns to the office, looks at me without understanding anything. I returned the article to him, saying that it was too thick and paints were searched. Inѣ you need to think about it and tomorrow I will come to you for a conversation. The editor threw the article onto his writing desk, and without saying a word, said goodbye to me. The next morning. they serve me. When I published the newspaper "Nizhegorodokiy Fair. Төлөграрѣ * * in which the article shown a lot yesterday was fully covered, I realized that, after leaving the editor, I immediately handed over the article for the night — it’s that. There’s nothing to do and go to the editor again, although I am very saddened and thought about how to look at all this now, my creditors and the manager of the bank, Please tell me about the registered account .. I went to the Bank of the Fair Department of the State Bank for half an hour earlier and went to the office of the Manager of the settlement of Palyanskago. apologized n I’d edit that I came so early but, many. We need to consult with him on a personal basis, namely, about the newspapers that appeared today, the libelous opposition to our company, which was given to the newspaper by our former partners, who, bankrupt, rotate enter prisons and, because of our firm’s malice, make us happy, there’s nothing to do with rubbish, so there’s nothing to attract them for libel. Some anonymous author suggested that I redeem it! because the editorial is dirty, but I fearing is to do so. not to compromise themselves even more, they would be hotli add toof this article, that I came and offered such a sou for the grumbling -_______1531_______t.2 xeleven,eleven.The managing director N.D. Polyanskiy said that I personally do not attach any importance to such articles, and even such a worthless newspaper, I didn’t even read this newspaper today and didn’t know until you said and didn’t recognize it. Until then, if only you showed it, I’d show it to you, let I let you calm down completely and don’t pay any attention, no refutation, everything, reading, speaking and forgetting. It’s good that you yourself came in first. They also told if anyone is lively, show me many. I’ll say this newspaper that I know everything, it’s just blackmail and I advise you to quit. I immediately, calmed down, remained at the Committee’s meeting. Soon, members of the Accounting Committee began to gather, reading the Armarchy Telegraph today and this article, as well as everyone knew me and that the article concerns me, was it surprising? Look at me, seeing how calm I am, as if nothing had happened. So, no one about itѣ and didn’t raise the hand. After the ambush, the Trifon Committee. Mikhailovich Laptөv asked me if I had read BE's fair, Fairly, Telegraph% * article about our company and why I allowed to post a similar article, when it would be possible to buy it out and not be allowed to print, I rejected what I read today and again: more. Yesterday I was called to the newspaper’s editorial office for a couple of hours to check out this article until the newsletter was changed .. Although my friends warned me that I would invite the newspaper’s editorial office for ransom to become? but I regretted 500 or 1000 rubles , and the dusk was afraidoffer to the stranger: the editor, knowing however that he should have been paid 200 rubles for the publication of this article. Let’s say that I would give him 500 or 1000 rubles, he will be a fool. Would take and return? the article was delivered: 2.00 rubles to those who brought it, ”and this one would have-t._______1532_______and brought it to another fair newspaper, there were 3 of them up to ten, so I had to run to all of them, nimren dacant, to sit and buy. Most of all, I was afraid of the attitude towards this becoming a governing Bank. NPPolya Noki, I purposely came to the committee earlier today, so that I can talk privately 05 and talk frankly about everything. Yong accepted the approval of r'l, me; saying: FE we did well that they didn’t offer anything r B%. PR 40%. editor ¥ and nervous about blackmail, he reassured me, advised me not to refute and not pay attention to this matter, T, D, Laptov passed this "my conversation is different, ak koliersantam and all this byrt - ro came to the managers of private banks, namely, that I.P. IIolyad sky cash prize is for dirty dirty tap. , which she did not pay any attention to. Here, everything also considered this to be undeserving - you paid attention to it and generally felt respect for the herd, I think for my endurance and that I did not fall for shanty.-:(I saw the river Klidіrym in the Worldwide Oru. Zo deu - webs, Cuerpo eno u prezide: o Eze Umryweento lies."Before bankruptcy. Stoppena F .: those. About a year later, his younger brother, Vasilin Foed, who, after giving Ivan Fedorov a letter to the company, died, временно 'temporarily, after six months, remained with us, but “doses - tigi are perfect, we voluntarily issued the 3rd notarial act” tokato notariusa d.II. Sventorzhatskogo, having ebb completely merged with him, and the immovable part of his factory was the advice of his brother Ivan Fulgorovicham: a tannery. - c. Orff Vshіy and an old stone house / built yet өgo-, fatherөus, tө. Fedor Timofeevich, a wooden, two-story house on the highway.BUT.eleven_______1533_______mu. . Tthat. Subsequent. Ivan sv Vazilіem once shared real estate: Ivan took? - there’s a wooden house on the road, and Vasily "getting the old stone near the house, Sgorvnіy plant" dasyadyatva Avanu unit, Separating the finalfrom all Vasiliy Fed. became completely freeETIri a call for military service, it was true, it was charged for deafness, although the former, a family recruitment receipt. , bought naya, still father in his timein the name of Stepan, but he remained on a distant lot, passed to Ivan F., This last one also remained on a happy distant trisii and the receipt of the geta was transferred to Vasily Fed. , but he also fell: having rejected? for deafness, that is, it’s clearly completely worthless, and therefore the receipt of the geta, for which at one time there was a mouth shut or five thousand rubles, lying down. I was thirty, turned out to be: so much, happily 1, for whoever she is in turn: it wasn’t cooked ", all these things, or another happy accident, were rumored from a military rumor: if only you couldn’t pass it on to anyone, since it was stipulated by the law that all such receipts could• be credited only for the name in which it was bought or filled in 2 po - - danny brothers, and if - of those, nit, then they must be - handed over to the treasury for pri - rubles. "Ak as the last call from Vasiliy Fed. if it turned out to be the face of the brothers subject to the prize, then he had to pass a quit: Нсію to the Treasury and get 300 rubles, Marry Van Siliy Fed. did not succeed, but after the call of the zinoy goulashi- zabsbѣl. Sta napa Fed • Knowing him to show the sub-Moscow to Moscow, but it would be too late, the disease intensified and died in Moscow in the Kokorev gooHaKos Tudo: Ti Yanitsѣ and e e buried,e Tue Moskvt, After him there was not a large amount of money left, and real estate, namely an old stone house ”,-_______1534_______delivered: For long-term rent. However, I asked the authorities that everything be formalized, i.e. all property and real estate are not for the grounds of overfill. To the brothers. Member of the District Court in Slobodskoy: S.V. Rөvdөr “Let me tell you ..: I just made an inventory of my entire profile and I didn’t want to get the ovoy part. He stated that he did not refuse to receive the lawful part and, in the same spirit, the others, the brothers, said. After several months of approval, the same member of the District Court for Slobodskonkuzdu took place - you called my father. “Alexandra Fed. Vakhrusheva kab.” and. handed him a thousand or one and a half cash Yanmi, and to whom and how did he get the old? a stone house, I don’t remember, “but I know that, at the time of time, E tom is a house”, below there was our servant, posadchik iz Charapula, Sobolev, henna and daughter were standing empty for the top, but now is the time of holidays. or weddings with tampons, guests who stayed to spend the night, and the last.• war, during the revolution, on the upper floor of this house, the office of the working committee was located first, and then the room was placed with the Volunteer Committee and meetings and meetings were organized for workers. But who was considered the actual owner of this house, I am completely not ITOM110.Rocnabka Uume concly canoamereano Sheet GSü Meberskap? CEDEXcQuo pupillos Marelen Porn. od uvoraј R SARD 24222"In 1911 and 1912, when there was great competition for a new brand" capors for the army and when the Chief Quartermaster transferred half "well" of all supplies, the master master and the lion’s_______1535_______і-Afgtone :,oneR,,from.e.ht xx::..10-іThe share of boot expulsion went to the Moscow shoe factories. Bargaining. Dotya Mandel and Weiqiu, who is not - 1% of my factory, saw: boots. 113 of purchased goods from the private market, it "made it difficult to not let all of the Vyatka breeders go. Nap bi bi European Colchiesoner, Leontif Moiseevich Frenkel preHe proposed, and that the ANRolgushi arrange them to compete with firms: Mandel-PaYts, and bargaining "to take away his dog. Eku overcoats and soldiers" ”, but, so, they refused to supply and not enough explosives sincehoomalieu for such a workshop you need to equip a large - workshop inSquash or “e e Vyatka”, a. also tіrі obrѣsti. 2 different different adapt - nі? and sewing mani. before the posting of soldier’s b-le, we are rally. Lee "atiI am extremely pleased to take part in the competition from the wax company na na ndel Raits. Wenkel, please make sure that there is no equipment needed “only, I need it, only”: hire HER Toskvѣ: an apartment, set up a table "for cutting, only 1Ң, the special sheet will be cut, and VERY little room will be laid on the tables - for cutting потомa then? bi will knit with glasses iio 2.5-5B "ru bashek i kalіyson: The coming womanvyyki will be carried away by%% deleting "haitya and n2 another or third day will be sent back. The Intendant will come to the printer's office. I’ll be honest and he’ll be in charge of the workshop for -cut. You know, "will accept the factories from the factory, give them out for races with cuts, and ustat the masters / t for some earlier or" for Tilipovlaba. whether Bandel-Paiytsa. / warrior vkhіkroy and when rumat from them**g.oneonefourhaLEQi Ertone---- 'g..._______1536_______andonefromBUTGledatoone.bulge, sent Eat a name for work, to hand over ready-made clothes to the Internet and to receive - from: And Tendrastva and the corresponding provision of receipts. So no. hindered nt. Frank. Ө regretted "that, like: ut delivery will be returned to us: then it will be week or one and a half - only a few months to Moscow, all the numbers were gone, zip cor were repaired, and as soon as it was broken B. Irkut was freed from us Nikolai Aleksandrovich, Kashkarev, it seems that he asked to increase his maintenance, but the tazel ​​Fed. Will take a thread to Irkutok to others. ”We went to Alexander Al Vorobyev’s place, and Koshkarev was offered to either return to the factory” to leave the former house or to quit. A.P. Tolgushin if we accept the supply of goods, t we can start the head of the Moscow-based underwear workshop of N.A. Koshkaoyev, whom you can doderer everything and even give him full, power of attorney for receiving Hidey from. Commandans. For honesty and kindness, His surroundings, I guarantee I can and I, CE, also be able to cope with you ... We will appoint a little more money, part 14. ONE. received from us in Irkutsk and he will be satisfied and will do it with pleasure.and we will win this service, and by chance, to us for 300 priests - to be a worthy man, Dolguni instantly agreed .. Rodryad. With the bidding, we took the name Top.io. Dolgushin, and the apartment was rented from - our friend of the wool merchant Byaburi on Nyatnitskaya street улиAbluti went to the Board of Vikula. Morozo, I’ll buy them half a million opa arshin, corresponding to. calico for soldier’s bѣlyaI rue they are Jewish. They are working 5 for are ile, according to the condition of the Quartermaster. By - ka. Srenkel, set up a workshop Koshkarz., Pr1ѣkhal v, Moscow, and entered this business. Bulgushi gave Morozov 10 or 20 thousand..tric_______1537_______one---from.}rubles and, it made it difficult to deliver weekly popi ten - syacharnin si or that grѣ trebotaniya, which every time will be op• To heap the rest was wilted at a price of 5%. against othersold supplier} and therefore it seemed to usѣ - not, unprofitable 11- that• there will still be a small amount of arrivals. # T are so old forms remained owlutterly without Iiietaka’s bald, and we suggested that it’s not possible to upset them, and that they would come to terms with reconcile their names, i.e. Dan oyandali;that they will offer the sagas to us - not to compete with them, but they won’t: hire them by competing in * an outstanding saiol. But they didn’t give in to "oxidation, they didn’t calmly concern our people from -" E yama, knowing vigorously - ice-cold, they went ahead of time. They gave that fromWe won’t be of any benefit, because therefore, it’s exclusive for us to give an apartment, to set it up especially for this 24. fsobago dovrennaro, to pay apartment and income taxes and another 18kl}; expenditures, between those as they have - all this - was' BE "aboutthese workshops have the same manager- and cost-fixing, but all the time they got the message “Anything is for us. But the result is beneficial - you received all of this money from • up to about five thousand rubles and {for the next year were not bidding for.• pіospaљkѣ: bѣlya, yati hopes also did not come true, representatives of the company Mandel-Raitz did not come to us with the proposal not to air one with the other. On the contrary, I go: On behalf of All Vyat - Skikh factory owners to Mr. Mendel, who was very good at the EBU sign Nicolele Avlovich Rylov and I, with the assistance of N.L.* Fylova, met the chief director of the company, Mr. Mandel,Nikolay Pavlovich. Rylovѣ explained to him, kaќ: to a friend, that he brought meBUT,tM.-TO._______1538_______. With the aim of explaining and conspiring a rabbit, to settle and eliminate harmful confusion, to work for each of them is not at an obvious loss, but from a little tyrlsa, so that all other plants do not get into a fuss. Yes, I’ve heard it. Нас us is very kind, but said that in thisdѣlѣ- he is only the financial director and, otherwise, to the technical side (he doesn’t understand the matter, then the companion Raitsѣ is in charge of all the technicalpart of the case, I will call him on the phone. Half an hour later. pr_-chal. Raice.and after listening to Janet's suggestions, he began to vigorously agnote. concerning all ХVyatsky breeders who, on - Sovѣ tsanіlіkh in the main In, tendenciesѣ, at, revisionѣ. the description of this condition was very difficult, it attacked Jewish companies, sending greetings .. To the internationality, especially to Warsaw suppliers, what if, like, hotly. to emphasize that all Jewish companies are unscrupulous suppliers, and we won’t prove that the Jews also delivered the Betov’s funeral and that they pulled out a little work while working, a little profit, and yours were almost raced. steel proved that all the talk about the Warsaw Jews was not related to the war because we didn’t even assume that you would ever supply the boots, and the Warsaw village did nothing. However, Ryaytsnastoi chastically repeated that we were trying to secure a supply because we always delivered only tires, uniforms and pants, but in recent times the laval Inmen dant almost forced them. Nasv udf lhvat and boots of his comrade, also. Vyatskio and Kazan. Suppliers of soft goods for sale, rested on their prices for x, demanding that they be appointed with an appointment, and Glav Yan Intendant wanted to defend his way and teach Vyatka suppliers. Onz forcedѣ. Nas Bylis_______1539_______!machines, set up a shoe case, and now, if necessary, we must continue our case, not to throw out shoe machines to us. I told him that I had told him that the last day, he was right and he had already done it, and maybe We Vyrchane were to blame, they pulled things too tight and were cut off and it didn't work out for us. But in the future, all the same, you don’t have to cut each other and compete with us, if they are the only ones who want to or to take away others, you wouldn’t get others. Properly conscientiously and peacefully lovingly divide the amount into two percent and set the whole work to work — for little good. At this point we are equally sure what concerns the next year, when the time comes then we will discuss seeing. But in the following years, the “Chief Quartermaster himself didn’t arrange trading, but distributed it on an economic basis” and distributed his authority: only the brand was sold to all shoe factories, according to the approved military council. It went until 1914, that is, until During the war, and during the war it was great - they were not only not competing, but on the contrary. Everything worked "tirelessly to earn, according to us, established a new step with the representatives of public organizations and approved the military of Srvtom." Orders were handed out by the Chief ѣ Quartermaster to ө every trade. "...:...........:. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .and;fromgAt the end of 1912, Orthodox Russian Christmas, that is, on December 19, as it was, the style is, my # son Nicholas first time_______1540_______ -.~~.onegPrichal from Germany on holidays for Russian holidays on the island. nedѣ - whether, and the eldest is my son. Vikentіy, just left in the fall. There is a military service. Daughter Olga, finished. Long course. Vyatka Gymnasium “Christmas holidays are all ..” they had fun, attended almost daily dance, evening in. Slobodskon. or vyark vv clubѣ, as well as masquerades, or costume evenings. The flea of ​​the youngest children was also arranged almost every day by the trees of all the Vakhrushevs in our homeland, so both adults and children, and we are our wife, if not. uѣіlіki in Vyatka, or in Slobodskaya tak. ## we didn’t eat evenings with children and evenings at home with eakurams. Elder children and I often visited evenings in clubs. In Slobodskoy "club" there were masquerade balls with prizes. Chaoto and almost every one of the prizes for the best costumes were awarded to our family. At one time it was decided that, upon entering a guest or club member at home, give out a counter label free of charge, and whoever would like to, additionally pay an extra fee to each entrance ticket to buy one or two counter-stamps at the cash desk “rewarding 50 kopecks for each counter-mark. Public the right was given to the military to give these counter-stamps to the lady who, for whom each person personally recognized the best suit, deserves a prize. Although the costume that collects the evening’s more counter-locks, a gift is given. ~ prize. The idea was that the jury determines what the costume is better, and the audience itself, but byIt was said that the public gives, not for the quality or beauty of the goats - tyum, but for getting to know their friends or relatives. So, one mask Slobodskaya, a fashionista “a seamstress, costumed by a flower girl, began to go around and beg for carpet mills, so as to ridicule who gave it up at her own discretion. This is Nikolay P’s deputy: Rylovѣ and the time isӨABOUT. ••_______1541_______ ..R?ON,,.GChil specifically Nikolai. Pavl.Krasnykh to buy for ten rubles of counter-frames, without telling anyone who he is buying for. Then he®: he immediately handed over all these counter-locks •• to our daughter Felѣ, saying that. someone instructed the to deliver themѣѣѣѣѣ Petrov nѣ. Әva – the last; unsuspecting, accepted and thanked. When, at the end of the evening, at Chali, I checked all the counter-frames / it turned out to be almost twice as much as the eyelashes, and apparently, without the addition of N.P. Rylov, she would have had the majority. The flower-girl just said there was nothing to be done, Olga Petrov, we have a great acquaintance and many friends, and I have few avakomyh and although I went and asked for, but many said that already - they gave their kontramarka, so, and this is the best, that is, ChapterThe first prize went to ours, in our opinion, as it seems, a bottle of good deeds, worth, I believe, less than ten rubles, so that if you look at the material side, Nikolai Pav. Rylovѣ made a B • unprofitable operation:: . .. ... . ... .. ... .. .... 2. x "We have Christmas time on 19XI; at the dance evening, my son. Vikentiy, in the house of Borodina, appeared in a tuxedo with a smoothly combed head, just like a foreigner, for he had just been through this fall, abroad and I saw how they put on clothes and scratched themselves at bigger balls, namely in France, between those who didn’t show water, no one didn’t show any shots, nor in a dress coat. At the same time the family of doctor A.A. Ivaya - novkago, vѣ, personsѣ son of Boris, a student and two daughters Esenіi and Ta drunk, accompanied by Leader of the mainland: Otar’s daughter. , .. ... . to which she graduated in Kazan or in Petersburgѣ novi tutprіѣkhala in Slobodskoy to two-quarters of her parents первый and for the first time she got into the clubnі"_______1542_______Her face was beautiful, her clothes were modestly elegant, tasteful. Vicken Fy immediately turned to her. attention and she turned her attention to him and almost the whole evening, they danced together and began to look after each other. At% endѣ of the evening. my wife and I began to pack up. home, I will ask my daughters Lelia and .Valya: if you have danced, then go home and he will eat. pleasures about% - agreed, already eaten. Then I go up to Vincent, who is off in the living room as a young lady, Ivanovokini, and I say that we are going home and whether you want to return home. Jaani or one will wound up another 8dѣdѣ. Ѣnѕ repelled, because I’m not letting go of%, and Kseniya Alexandrovna Ivanovskaya interrupts ѣgo andto say, please drag them home, and you will sit still, and we will dance again, it turned out that I didn’t dance, and I would drag him, but just ask, but he would ride Slobodskoy on one horse andwill return when it is danced - it’s plenty, but are we tired of us too, old man21? Lying home. If our profits are desired, then they can remain with YOU and returned to Wikeni өnѣ. But our daughters said the enchantment was tired and on to go home with my mother. We said goodbye to the Ivanovskys family and still some - eat kѣm and left. Wikeniy sat with them until the end of the ball, spent? young lady home and in the morning, returned to the village.% next. I went to Don Ivanovo for a visit, and the stream of Kataloia on the lo shadi in the town of Slobodokon, in chic American sledges, began to look after Kaиватьnіy Al. Ivanovskaya. On the holy time, the youth of Ivanovo together with the Smolins, in quantities of six people, once came to the village of disguised people. I don’t know if our children were warned about it or at least Vkөny, sa Vi Ris sislik there was no danceone,t.one.from_______1543_______one...Ғ.**,Ball, we sat at the evening party, but immediately! but they took the whole cana - of the masked, lit in the "hall" of electricity, Apollinaris. Al She sat down for .. the royal, and the dances began, the Vokorns recognized all the $ disguised, asked to take off the masks and invited - for tea, then - again - the Wali and the Lakovets. .gѣli udinatѣ. ... .. .. .. .... ... .... ... .., During the whole of 1912, Vincent - continued% - to look after Ksenia Ivanovskaya, almost every holiday rolled around but Slo -Vodsky on a horse and zazzhal k - nim, i.e. Ivanovsky, where the whole "o - family took it very kindly, so according to Slobodsky it’s all the beginning -whether already to speak, Vincent Vakhrushevyu the groom. Ksenii Ivanovskaya, all alone, were far away, and some even asked: whether the dump was coming soon, but you did it, you gave it up, there was no conversation, if the youth were caring — 8% of each other — 8 the other is “not serious. However, they didn’t lie to us and repeated, h @ o we are hiding »vaen, it may be while you give birthwhether they were obstructed, because they knew that I and Alexander Viktorovich are% political enemies. From the tariffs of Ivanovo, they believed that, when they were: A, Vakhrusheva and A.N. Shklyaev, at the time Dr. Ivanovskiy was prince Voryach Gorchakovyn hide the provinces, and then A.V. razbilѣ paralysis and Slobodaka defecated. They spoke a little subtly, to honor Xөn1 and Al. Ivanovskaya “A couple of Ivanov’s skewers on Ivanovskaya repeated to their daughter: you can do something wrong, Kanil, Vakhrushevѣ deprived Vasya of his father, and you are going to marry him. But my daughter distracted me, and I don’t collect it, it’s very pleasant to take his pleasure, but my friends also take care of me; for example, Rafail you. Makhnevѣ and Vladimir Yakov Spektorakі and I are the same with everyone in love, indeed, she coquetted with everyone. "" ""Tі..._______1544_______... At that time, the family of Yakov һikhailovich Sektorokago, native: brother of the wife Illetra Ivanovich Aleksandrov: Yak. Mic. Spartak бургterburgakіy official .. resigned, active statokiy, Official. In: Viofokova. One lived in the houseѣ. Alexandrovs. like a tribal colony, but the children of Alexandrovna, ruled $ as before. Konstantin. Platonovich: Kuznetsov. He is from Alexandrov’s name. consisted, the voice now in the city обод Slobodvkom, and in the Slobodokoy, estate ѣ. . Have I.M. Spektory any contact with the factory.or the bargaining of the Aleksandrovs, nobody knew from us, but at the request of the Slobodskaya railway road, many often came. elk to meet and negotiate with the firmof Aleksandrov, almost exclusively with Yak, M. Snctorkokim, or from knyvnya Vlad. Fed. About this image, we had the most friendly relationship with us in the family of Vpectorskikhs. We began to visit each other simply and often. or on picnics, eat family donѣ. Jacob Mih.Spektokago, like a widower, Slobodsky ”a daughter lived. For and two sons, they had almost the same love as they did for a great friendship, they still had a great friendship, and before that all the young people had a shared triple friendship: Vakhru Sheva, Spektorskіv, and Ivanovskie .tim nim annexed, but older, theirs, bachelor Rafanlo. Rac aidaxpeөв, slightly caring for a new daughter. Duley. On the other hand, he also took care of Lily Spektor oktsiy for Xeni Ivanovakoy, and it is possible that, separately, each of them — and they — only dreamed of giving him a bride, but Dily Stektorskaya, it seems, counted on all the more, but Rafail VeMakhaev himself, it seems, was not going to enlist himself in grooms and related?t "cet•g.G.R. and! .**, * :.: 3::::::::::.._______1545_______all in all, so that not a single young lady could decide who would like to give preference to .gakovts% Kononya A, Ivanovskaya during other friendsly questions asked others: Rafail Vasilyevich, frankly, which one of us is beautiful: I or Olga Petr. .Ra - file Vasilievich. It turned out that it’s difficult to distract such questions, and my opinion isn’t necessary for anyone, it tastes good and color, comrade nsws, let them not distract them. But she naughtyly stuck, please do not hang on, say only the truth. Then R.V. Shakhtov said ulcer, but I ask you not to offend: they all find that you are the most beautiful in Slobodokon and I find that your beauty is accurate with porcelain dolls, but personally, it seems to me that the life beauty of Olga Shchetr. Vakhrushe howl is better than your .Xenia Alec. Ivanovskaya threw you Raphael. she was an easy suppressor, who had been in her hands and added what a nasty little thing they purposely said so that% would annoy me, they didn’t want to say positively or negatively, yes or no, but they didn’t answer right away and tried to get away from the direct answer . From this moment, Xenia Al. Ivanovskaya began to relate dryly to R.F. Makhnov, more attention was paid to him by L. “Pectoral. Kseniya Ya Ivanovskaya intensely flirted with ours. Vikentі өкъ and с Vladimіron. Yak, Spөk. torskitѣ and these ova, each of them thought that only to him was Xenіya dlөk, giving away the special Jared tardchuіpenov. Tak longitudinalMore impregnated.after 1912%. Once everyone was seeing off after the vacation Vl.Ya. the oratory of Kuterburgs and the train station was all napolodzhzhv: in the Spektorskіv and Ivanovakіv. Frequent entry into the carriage is possible for Vikurgy ushl for lemonade for the young ladies and the rest, and Kseniya Al.Ivanovskaya and the rest of the party Vl.Yak, the electors stood together in the corridor of the carBUT.,,xbeforefour.---- --_______1546_______oneandand forgiving very amicably, not like simple signs, but like love, love and love ... I saw this window through the window, but those who forgave him were ignored. But this Vincent’s coolly cooled to Xenii Iva - Novaya’s steel used to ride Slobodakon earlier and didn’t hurt Ivanovskaya and although he didn’t say anything to us, we thought that the wholesale still cares for her. One day I turned to Vicente to ask him if it’s time to get married and how is itAniya for Ivanovskaya. Dz ѣgo otvuta, I learned that he had not been caring for rhei for a long time5, you have ShnykhVolodya Spektorykiy, so I did not pay attention to it.December 31, 1912. To celebrate the New Year3, I invite you to% to Demyanka Yak, Mih, Spektoroky, I gave my friend Apolli - Nari Alekseyeva and about Vikenti Pantovskiy Ivan VAA with two daughters. So did Mikhailө and Rafail Vasilyevich Makhnovn and the seed Fedorovich Mikhѣөvѣ and the howling Snektersky family, there were no one else before. Everything went well before dinner, it was fun and the young people were dancing. They also played Christmas games, but we all looked at them, finally at 12 o’clock in the night we sat down at the table to have fun and at the end of the dinner we served champagne. It struck midnight, began to drink champagne, and mutually congratulated each other on the New Year. We drank the health of the host of the host, Yakov Mikhailovich, and he offered all the guests who attended, they all drank. They filled their glasses again and he solemnly declared that he wanted to drink the health of the absent-minded man of Alexander Viktorovich Nivanovsky, who we ate with our souls, but the illness that bound him could not be with us today. Peraskovya Iv. Ivanovskaya screamed and waved her hand: n:. pado,*Tі..."4._______1547_______4 - and historically sobbed. Then the two daughters stood on their feet and the daughters Ya and Spekoo-rokiv grabbed her arms and dragged her out of the dining room into the living room and at 5 heard the sobbing. Our whole family, the Makhnevs and theirs, were left to sit at the stolon, not knowing what to do and what to say, They began to listen to what was in the living room, silently stayed for 5-10, but no one came back from the living room. and keep quiet, I turn to him calmly and foolishly ask: why didn’t you leave them, go and find out why she is crying пла. Makhniv? and Mikhev broke up, and Biken® Iy turned away to deal with youѣ and there are many without me. Having remained in the dining room, we, at last, began a steadfast conversation about the railway, not paying attention to the tantrum that was continuing in the living room, finally. The spectators conducted Ivanovskoye with the daughters of Don on Alexandrovsky * horses and returned - to us in the dining room. Yakov Vikh, the vectors started to excuse me - didn’t underestimate the five, why did I get excited about Paraskovia Ivayovu’s hearty growth; “Spektorsky”, which * PA: - Vakhrushev y Hya, Ivanovskiy’s political enemies of Priykov’s "Iv. Ivanovskaya believes that he “didn’t carry” water. And, Vakhrusheva governor Prince Gorchakovna Ivanovskiy was expelled, Vyatokoy province and through it turned "all right": Hearing an unexpected response she sewed, to Petr Aleksandrovich would not join; if she didn’t stand up for "Alexander Viktorovich", they could not stand it and a hysteric boiled. Chlek torski dzviniloya again and separately to me, saying that he didn’t know anything about our relations and regretted that he didn’t warn him. I said that she was worried, I didn’t say anything against Alexander Viktorovich as a doctor Not imѣyu. Piѣd and 3 and өgo sent iz gubernіi not one but unto chislѣ others for Politi''and,:_______1548_______. "*":.agitation. Many out. I didn’t even know Byslannykh and the partner’s adviser, I didn’t and don’t, Crawling ..during, and. The howl of local, zemsky $, doctors of Slobodsky’s home was not a secret for anyone, and everyone knew that it was arranged by A.B.Ivanovskiy, for this reason he was sent for dakhkh’s posts, the governor of Vyatskiy, the predecessor, prince Gorchakov. All this was, and without a penalty, well-known, to the governor, and for this Ivanovsky was expelled from the governorate, and he devoted it and received it. she is saddened - to look for those guilty, let her think better of d'i - Stv_yah * * of her husband, who was digging a yak for A. N. Shklyaev, but horrible. He’s locked in fugue and cannot get out of it, but in any case I wouldn’t, in any case, have arranged a scandal or troubles. for you. and. I would calmly join the Toyota, and even add that we, the local residents, can testify that Alek androik Viktorovich Ivanovskiy. New time was the best doctor in. Slobodok. uѣzdѣ, God forbid him to recover. dinner, we all razz ѣhalim, home ’. On the next day 0.F, Miѣѣ өvө. I called our village to our carpentry factory, and at noon we came to K. Nam to win and said many times, how you surprised us yesterday, with your sake - the bottom of your blood resourcefulness and especially you. Makhneva Jkotory, it is rare to see Vas., And knows little. He came home and carried away not a single% and all the time he was talking about. Vasya.After hysteria I, A. Ivanovskaya we all got confused and did not know what to do and the tilakhnevs were waiting for what would happen. Petr’s reaction was Aleksandrovich; they knew that “Ivanovskaya herself was worried, looking at him, and he was calm. It was as if nothing of his — did not hesitate and begins to“ make fun of his sons ”, which almost the whole city agrees with his future son-in-law 18four.onet..one_______1549_______. "•T.t.de+Ivanovsky; a. his father offers 3 to go around - to calm the crying guest. Ba “admired the resourcefulness of Vincent Petrovich, who also. I didn’t embarrassed: I just and without me, there’s “other”, as if he’s not. There’s no relation to him and there will be no *. I say that, perhaps, in the future I will become stained, but that in the near future, it’s noticeably cooled, and ate yesterday’s tricks Paraskovya Ivanovan I can “think that I will finally break through all sorts of heating. - get together a sympathy, then give an offer 'and it will be possible to arrange: a wedding өdө: B3 et om51 meatѣdѣ: 003. Anѣ said that between them there was a rest according to MII. to each other.: ө - a pair; yes the ut. nee is already there: X ITXS, and the sub. .. settled Nago II, I. Ivanovokoy scandal at the Spectorkih; Nov. Paul Now I’ll never have one. ”I say, Ivanovo, I say that if it’s so, then it’s not right - the wedges have come together, you don’t find a way, choose. Wherever wants Box. 7. A.P. Dolsha has daughters, V. There is Ivan Brovtsyna: a daughter, very much. Ҳ'alya? Ә, P, Svyatorzhetskiy, or else there may be some kind of young ladies you have in mind..Vikenyi showed that Brovtsyna is a barish ayu, I know she is a lot ~. arises, but she is wooing Sapozhnikov Mikhail Petrovich% pass Slobodokogo Woo, also Nikolai Ilyich Vakhrushevѣ immediately after two-three ondovies, to propose to choose, to marry the one for whom she wanted 7% i.e. for Nikolai Nikolayevich or for Dmitry Nikolayevich “Prikhal vѣ Chutsu Nikolay Ilyich, ed. by two sons K%, Brovtsy nymya ”, took up the arms of two sons and he himself, according to sөrөdi pѣ, approach II tk. Nadezhda Ivanov and says: Nadezhda Ivanovpa, you and I are both good people, simple people, every day I’ll talk on the road, in the village: you have a new namemind_______1550_______...,BUT.4.•ay me two grooms, both the time has come to marry, the soldiers, don’t go - blow, choose any one that you like more, for that and give wai. But Nadezhda Ivanovna turned out to be tactful and said, my daughter is still younger, and I don’t intend to choose my wife and I, if I don’t want her to go for this or that groom, I won’t let her choose and marry whom she I’ll have to heart, because she didn’t complain about me. However, Nikolai Ilyich, “having done it, it’s wrong to say that we have to marry someone who is more ignorant but hearted, but we, the old people who have experienced the eye, should tell our children what is better, in our opinion. However, in general, the matchmaking has not yet taken place and is still in an undefined position. Only the bride didn’t like everything, that Nikolai Ilyich himself, the svoeer, turned to his mother and, at the same time, for two to choose ”, as I was selling horses and not a single bridegroom sent me an offer in the dark and did not even get to know how to do it and they didn’t take courtesy, as it should be, ъ ottvil that in ancient times they always got married so much but now Nikolay Ilyich nө. I took into account the fact that now the order has come for another and I wanted the dapper in front of Nadezhda Ivanovna, that they adhere to the old village habits. Later I told him that if heѣ wants to go around. at Vrovtsyna’s place, we’ll need to get to know and explain .eӣ our ө namеrenie and desire to get to know each other better, and wholly see for yourself and negotiate from the young. Vicente agreed to get to know each other, but he thinks that it’s unlikely that a lot of grooms she liked Alexey, Nikolayevich Bokov. and apparentlyshe hoped to marry him, but he passed away. Now yeas if ѣ her widower% ’, vtarіy frara Ivan Ив Nikolaevich_______1551_______ Sideways and, at a rate of 8%, she announces to give her ten thousand brilliants. I’m sure that you pay attention to such whores and almost every bride’s love, but each one goes “for the same thing: you don’t look at anyone”, as if you’ve got to introduce yourself, I’m familiar and go in your own way, like each other, shake oneself, and don’t like it, another person will go out. her daughter, maybe "Brg will send." fate, like one another * and the breeds of Nimai, N.I. Brovtsy are on the whole; that we won’t win mercy, you won’t give away the daughter yet, recently died father-in-law Andrei Yakovlovich browed them, andIt’s not possible for him to pass a year, * he won’t give out * to anyone, until * expiration of a year because of a dead person it’s considered to be a wedding today. - I noticed that it’s premature to speak now, we’ll only get to know young people to get to know each other, and there * will be a day, it will take a year, maybe two. "Idezhda Iv. said mercy, I ask you to visit on Sunday, I will be at home and free, let’s be: First Sunday, we are Apollinaría Aleksevna and we’ll be on Sunday eveningWe spent time at the Brovtsy’s house at the factory until 9 p.m. and went to business for a while, and Vikeniy sidol, Aleksandrov Ivanovna, separately in the living room and then had their conversations; Olga, listening to what we are talking about. At the end of our visit, I asked ѣ Hope did she show her daughter if she had objected to her but that I had objected to her, but that was what?_______1552_______2,...Nadezhda Ivanovna - again, she began the same conversation, h @ o; Iol, until a year has passed, after the death of Andrei Yakovlevich, she will not give up her daughter for whom, and therefore, until I wish to speak about it .. a little malice - and we Returning home, Vincent said to me that Alexan Ivanov didn’t say that she herself would talk to her mother when she found it necessary, and now she asked not even to remind her mother about this even in case of accidental trips. Yesterday, we conspired with Alexandra “Ivanovna to meet in Vyatka, as follows: Sunday where she went with her daughter Alexandra Vasilyevna Brovtsyna / born”: Kulepetova /: or eaten apart Nikolaev, Ivanovie and the club was completely closed. the winds began to repeat the invasion of the chapters and thickets of VEL ӨchPIf KAXduyu-nedilya. Finally, in oil - nice., Alexandra Ivanovna took a visit with her brother kudushku Ogloblin, and ”on the way back, three more were glorious, . Bolotov village, go out on the rim The first postal route and through - through our village, looked at our house. Did Vincent know about this, most of all, but we noticed that he had given out about three hoursfor the houses for the gates to go to the factories, I was. at home. "Suddenly, Biz - Kent sees." A pair of Brovtsy horses approaching, fractally dying, ~perku- Off the living room in a stroller, and sitting on a chair%, Iikolay Ivanovich Brovtsy 15.losses Vikentiy won the meeting, and n.A. Brovtsynybekonannya, loshadayi pohadrueerunu shat om. Having seen a cart, Alexander Ivanovna thesis was created, but he was a goat, he took it from his hands. Nikolay Ivanovich, take him to the courtyard and invited him to the courtyard and invited him to leave 8%, and he himself went ahead and shouted: Mom Dad, look who’s ricked, Case for havshіe bygee_______1553_______-Ti iz Slobodskogo, almost a naughty nimo graze and I forcibly "pulled the poi to warm themselves and pour a cup of tea, on them they were very - mundane - asked - to have a drink of tea and they sat for an hour or more; they examined allour don; „Verkh.n1y. The first lower floors zatѣmj otali - hurry home. In - Kentiy ordered to ban for himself: a couple, horses., Telling us thatnotorer етьdo scrolling to - led Volkova and san - sѣl in the card. Outside Aleksendra Ivanovna, and ordered his kuur to Whip behind them. It takes 2-3 hours, and Vңkentіya everything: not and only :: about 10 hours in the evening and it is turned around. Mn, see me and ask that this is all the time he went to .. Volkova 3..e. “It’s a mile and a half, which is long, but he himself, having said it, turned away, but there, they didn’t really take the road at all times, they waved, but the lips of the samago were swollen, Then, he explained that: howl is the road, they They kissed and didn’t notice when they passed Volkovo, but when they passed. daughters, I left and didn’t let go, “removed, treated, sterilized ear.” We can now say that the ice is over, the bride said that she wouldn’t go for anyone .. except for me and rf_nila herself to talk to her mother so that, not waiting for the last year, she would die a baby, summer or in the autumn to celebrate the wedding. So it went on until Vyatka and Vincent all the time I was courting, by Alexandra Ivanovna, but we didn’t say anything, Nadezhda Ivanovna Brovtsyna. I’m a month and a half. Вцкөн1 өмъ, we went to Europe to buy raw materials and, as if by chance, Alexandra Yves. Brovtsyno eye. I entered Vyak and went to the new station to go on ”and basically also went to the station, which I supposedly hadn’t been to yet. When I was born, she wished a happy journey and advised a smaller one to take care of the young ladies. I said to alikhav, if he will have a very ear_______1554_______ -BUT.one1 hourg..-eleven.g..3І2.I am happy to unprotect you. For my part, Apollinariya Alжаkzhaevna .. ask Vikent_ia to wag my dad and myself and don’t get my dad to drink. Byakoya - F_y uvrilѣ, be calm mom if dad will. і excess too. I am. on - I am writing to you, everyone laughed. Iletropavlovskѣ, in the evening, he ... Tutor 4 ~ they often "went to the garden%, where the music played and danced in the air." clubѣ.I sometimes told • you shuiku, you Vikentіy, as if you’ve gotten a big ear • live for “Ilotropavlovskilai and young ladies, Look, I’ll write - not at all, and he, В untwist, and you yourself - often for a drink like that, and even and drink it two by one, “Chio, let's agree that we don’t .. we’ll drink anything about each other.” Butorin and the other are acquaintances; they found out that they had a lot of fun. At the same time, courtship was going on • Vikent_ya v. Al. .Brovtsyna and the matchmaking, the family of Nikolai - Ilyich Vakhrushev even more angry at us. Nikolai Ilyich had two daughters; one Let’s eat with Alexandra Iv. Brovtsyna, Valenti on the village of Nina, who at one time studied at the Vyatka Gymnasium, while at the same time - Anөksandra Iv. Brovtsyna and even vmistѣ sat - in the freshwater class - they read to their friends, especially their eldest son, Valentina Nick and friendship and era. went on and after - all they went out of class 4 or 5not finishingѣ "the course of the gymnasium.Valentina and Kolayevna -": often visited in Cheptsѣ, 4gretakhѣat Brovtsyykh and all the time, her friend talked with her in favor of “her brother Nikolai - Nikol әwich and Vakhrushev, but Alexander Iv. however, she didn’t say anything: “I determined it. When Valentina Kolay - she found out what kind of person: Aleksandr Iv.} was in favor of Vikentiy Petrovtsy personally,” she offered, she screamed blasphemed in the eyes of Alekayidre Iv. Vikentiya, that supposedly he has an aquarian character and the whole Peter's familybut•eleven.•.,**- -Eht.-....3one:oneefrom_______1555_______g.oneP2Algavarlivad. and their business is so bad that it is today, or tomorrow they’ll both be anchored :; backwaters at home are all. their property and other things will be removed with a hammer. Aleksandr Ivanovna said that mother says that they are good boobies about their factory. dissolve: here it is. .. 20 years and, mainly, by the Vakhrushevs as a yak for someone about whom, such rumors did not open, that’s already. bankrupt in Vyatka, mother. I heard that Haqr Aleksandrovich%, as in. Banks, tak and .u. The governor of the torus in good. account and about him respond best of all Wahrush. Dela-ih, q are considered the best, and therefore, it is better for you and me - not to tell others $. Here, Valentina Niko was at a loss that Alexandra Ivanov finally decided not to marry her, her brother Nikolad, Nick., And stopped making friends with her. Then this Valentina Nikolaevna. . Bev, the parents entered the house, she left Yuriev kѣ qөstr Alexanderѣ Nikola - өvnѣ who was married to Valeryanovlѣ Mikhailovich Lytki now and at the same time her husband studied at Yurievskiy University with a doctor, and muddy as a pharmacist Antryozh.v. six months and shot herself out, Yuryeva өөritөөlo brought in. He was to be buried in the village of Vovnesenoko-Vakhrushevo. At first, they concealed that she was stuck, but then it became clear to all. However, they didn’t explain to anyone who drank what caused the suicide, nobody asked the parents. Having finished 3 days in ет Shetropavlovsk ѣ we returned home to Vyatka, on the way we stopped halfway to Yekaterinburg. We sent a telegram from ilyetro - pavlovsk to Yekaterinburg, to Stepon Vorininevin at the match factory owner Loginov, that we had to go to him to Yekaterinburg, to visit OTTila. He met us at the station in his car, drove home to the cottage, where his wife and howling family were waiting for us..one..::....5... ..Tilfrom._______1556_______breakfast. After coffee, we spent an hour, lay down on knee-high bunches, on grass and on the throat, chali at the match factory, having first asked the hostess at home. Sam Stepan, you “Loginov annom drove us on a motor boat no Yekatnrinburgskoy lake, which is almost B% in the middle of the city, and his car was sent to the opposite shore of the lake, in the flesh, where it was poisonous. But drown on the ovary in plenty, we rode up to the flesh, master. I handed over to the driver a motor boat, prika brought it to the country, and he himself took the car’s drive and drove us across the whole city to the other endѣ, * * he had an identical factory with her and a plywood producing plywood seats for chairsѣ. This plywood factory really interested me 3k. I wondered more than anyone else, since I have already seen a lot of match factories and the plywood type was the first to turn it into Steps, but Vasilyevich asked me if I knew why plywood is glued together, Askazal, probably ordinary glue, it’s rubbing, but glue is not suitable for this production and you will never guess what if I say it to Vak. He informed me that sour milk is mixed with fresh cow blood, which is daily smashed from slaughterhouse and instantly shed from sour milk, still in good condition and with this glue, immediately prepared thin layers of the tree are oiled, specially for fire and put under pressure. the layers stick together, dry out, so that nothing can be separated by hot water or a password, only glue in hot water will melt. Such a demand for a real surprise, we heard this for the first time. Btepan Vasilyevich immediately introduced us to his elder sons and ext. Vil, I brought you here in order to take my sons away, I_______1557_______ .fourgBUT.{I AM.- II.. onexyou have daughters, "and we need daughters, we will get to know each other better, God will give our young people an acquaintance between themselves and I would be very willing if - God would have us to be born together. I said that it’s nice and - for me to hear, but you have to come with your sons to Nam Vyatka and then already talk about the next, Inspection of the factory - we went to the house, having found a direct factory, we poured tea. It’s almost a matter of saying that we arranged plywood, just for testing, not where she was, but at the river. I have already bought about 83 Tyumen on the river bank ~~ and there I think to arrange a good mechanical one. dопsopilkuand with it a plywood factory .. But my wife and I would like to first clarify the sons, so that later we could give them the opportunity to work for. lѣso-tilnѣ and on • plywoodfactory, melts one, e z dў, another in the match factories. But something: Fi and one of them haven’t yet asked their wives to marry, or they can’t find it out of hand. I’m not telling you in vain that it’s possible that we want to meet your family. But on the occasion, Stepan Vasilyevich himself, drove us to the wok hall, they said goodbye to a quick meeting, but, alas, we didn’t see him again, six months later he suddenly died. After five years I heard that both father’s place No. 1, his : my son got married. And a globally saw with a plywood factory was indeed built in Tyumen and worked very well, just like the match factory in Yeka turinburg worked fine. . . . . . . . . . . . .Having returned home from Dkaterinburg, I lost about 2.2 July to the Nizhny Novgorod Fair, through Petersburg, lio ppiѣ - health in • Petersburg. I met with Grigory өzv - Ivanovoch. Koshurniko vym, who soon came to visit me in Paris hotels, and on Gogol street,att::.t".;*:one+....._______1558_______Having greeted him to ask about all the Vyatka firms, especially about the bankrupt companies, the Vakhrushevs' firms told him in detail everything in order. who exactly was bankrupt and cham would have been torn out. Toward the end of Mr. Iv., Koturnikov put directly to the question. : Does VNA keep our company, the company is with us now. heavily tied 31 yourthe firm of igi continued өtө monthly. . Send my companions for "* children" as well, if God forbid, you can’t stand it. I was waiting for you to personally see you and ask the eye "in private, to answer him, I informed you that the pressure of private banks Of course, it is difficult for our company, personally, the State Bank and private creditors selling me are very supportive: various goods .. Until now, we have all withstood and not a single bill has been delayed or allowed to protest and I’m all paid on Tue. I hope that if it goes further and we don’t suddenly close the loan cѣ banks soThey are strange people, then - the distant Yiyent will spend everything, safely, At the same time - Zhegorodev Yarmarkѣ in any case, I know perfectly well, we will justify everything in excess, so I know how many goods were sent to the fair and how much they are paid. on August and September and all of them will be covered with excess fair proceeds. In addition, the supply is made and the Intenantianity now pays payments without delay. As for the Partnership loan. Osipova and Co., then I know that we owe a lot to your company at present and I advise you to keep the next dispatch for August and September, since it’s ours. the shoe factory worked more slowly, and because of this, we have accumulated quite a few used leathers and they just need to be stored in a warehouse. September 2 and September September urgent_______1559_______promissory notes Towers of the company “pay 142, so our debt is yours: firm”: ѣ get better, your companions will calm down, and from October you’ll again have to take care of the same terms and conditions. Grig. St. Kotsurni said, thanks, I really wanted to ask you about it, but I felt like #t didn’t offend you, but now you yourself are suggesting that .. what do I mean to express to you. On the following day, Zikentiy and I were accompanied by:.: Ikhail Vasilyevich: laksimov’s left, through: Doskva at the Nizhny Novgorod Fair. At the fair I always stayed at the dance - kotnogo bridge, all rooms. Zrajolaeva, "the best room", with a terrace exit. Workshop on Sku River. Prior to the fair in the morning, in the first order. went to Tov Sobor, to the direction of the river Oka and, if it happened on a holiday, then defended the early liturgy and served Di іdoleben, and if it was a weekday and there was no worship at the cathedral, we went in at night, near the bridge , on the shore of the fair there is a row near Lip e ... chapel, mail, for 1 day there is a priest, there were custom prayers, we joined, hearing: or “a prayer, and when there was no priest in the watch, then there’s a purchase or wax candles; they put iconol, Khokhs, Is, and then set off for dulam, and then HIS - Zi ha ”::: according to their friends K. Oymersantam and friends. At the same time, at the Hus Novgorod Fair, prikhalaf Aleksandra Ivanovna Erovtsy on her own aunt? , AC-anasie: Ivanova Plast new / urobodennaya Globilno, At this aunt, above the bench, I stopped A.I. Brovtsyna.I.o. look .. sty Vikentі ". I knew that she would come and go to Vyatski all evening.: ~ some row and sweat: all three came to my room in the hotel IP: Oliv. you don’t have nokert. A day after two tickets, he said, that Alexander,oneTAoneg..... .....?_______1560_______re-told him that јa: 2 posovtoval e, on revocation_______1561_______four.one..Divret "Kild өвъ, a member of the accounting committee will tell / I will warn him) that he knows the drawers and bearer and the account reeotype *, he wrote thanks and gave it to. Biryushev lived nokikh and other bills,kѣ forms signed by them in the copy of the letter on the corresponding amount, writing them in the name of Mr., 0.0 Biryusheva. For the next day, did Biryunyov bear much of the total amount of the missing amount and then do not tell anyone, even his closest friends, 2 Then. G.S.Biryushөv will propose that if raw materials are required, he has 3,000 5,000 leathers. I’m very fit for Alabuzov, and now I’ll give up Kam, from Helaniya to support you at a critical moment, and looking at me, our raw materials again come to you at the suggestion of%. Of course, all of them still offer, fearing bankruptcy Varѣkh’s namesake, replied that I could not buy it in cash but now in cash, but I can’t give as much as I can, but, if they say a note, I’ll write three months later, and I will leave the rest 9 months. I told Bir bishakvrasp in orderѣ Husain ovd Ulovich Tyumenev accepted and sent the raw materials from Vyatka Vyatka to Vyatka from your company, and you will send bills of exchange from Vyatka, at any time at your own discretion, and do not send bills for three months at all. If in November I’ll be free, transfer money, if it’s not, Fo. for this amount, send bills, I will consider them when I need money, and until December I have denti-free. C% - well, the existing one was assigned to raw materials at a given time. Such an image - vom. G.S.Biryuzөvө finally settles on these provisions, OAB: He showed me - to lend goods closer to fifty thousand and taking into account another -....7. Ң5.h.T:_______1562_______ fourfour.atReal bills "for twenty thousand, that is, for seventy you - one thousand rubles, and all this is he (d: mal without any selfish purpose, and if you were friendship and mutual sympathy. It would be good to say that he was earlier I earned money from our company, and therefore wished to patch up the good for "good, if we had. We have just bought raw materials from him before: But" this was not the case, V. Petropavlovsk, all the cheese was sold every year. Bunyushev had no poop, but never had a drink, because ot always in person “K.I sent his party - to Zarova, for the AlfuzovYEVs, at the end of August we sold all the rest »goods and wool, zekot or all payments and eat Vikono1 ѣmkhali, through Moscow and IIturburgdomoy. Alexandra Ivanovna 05 with her aunt Afa Racieji M at the call of the street at the same time I went to Moscow and went home Petersburg., In Moscow, we all have one new sheet for only one day, Alexandra Ivanoz went to school to send orders to pay: a bed and a church and a store to buy a toilet for an open pond if necessary. Lyn eat Rikentіem bought at the grocery store ѣ Acaro - ve. brilliant pendant for a wedding gift not from Wiken - tіya. Later, ashamedly at Alexandroi Ivanovna, we stopped at takarovim and bought the blessed present initial icons. In the shopѣ Makare - you have a lot of credit for 5 years, i.e. all that we bought during the year, 11 or written out, all this was written to us on the bill, right, on and on and on .. nya "or even to return, and the payment of 18a purchased things turned out tin" for the next year by the end. Nizhny Novgorod Yaria - on this basis and on this page 8 • for a brilliant pendant, one hundred and three thousand rubles • money, I didn’t pay right away, but through thoseat. - ---_______1563_______:...4K Hyear%. On the same day, we left Voskva for St. Petersburg and stayed again at the Marizh hotel on Gogol Street, we took two rooms and went to a furniture store and bought three-room furniture for Vic Kent. 4 bought a mahogany living room, like buying oak trees, and bought a bedroom of a pear tree in the end: for shea - fonier and for the dresser Alexandra Iva paid. , and behind the beds in tun barrels I am, because Alexandra I. insisted, her mother said that all children should rely on their wives, and the wardrobe and chest of drawers should be taken from Vasta. This is not a hindrance, adding as your mother said so and do it. However, we had the intention to buy furniture in three-room kit ourselves, so that each room was furnished in its own style, and therefore we also buy the full set for the bedroom and the cost is increased as you wish. Finally Alexandra Yves. expressed that her mother had allowed her to buy a new good piano, which I deputy: ил til, that we ourselves are unlikely to choose and would have to invite a special person for this purchase .. there is no group, my son was a step in your priest’s village , Alexanderѣ Nikolaevich is a voluntary good musician and singer and, moreover, have a Pererburg music store, you will ask him and he will give you a good arvѣtѣ where to buy # and go out with us not. febrica for choosing a piano. You sent from Dobrovolskago store and from it we all went to the factories / Warehouse Becker and, on his advice, Alexandra Ivanovna bought sain and the best, former storehouse, piano of a red tree for one and a half or two thousand rubles. She asked to varnish it andto blame Vyatka in the name of Brovtsyna, in October, month% EB from the rest of the purchase, they sobbed together with her aunt, and we at Vikenti ө we completed our business in Intonin;BUTІ.oneg.that one. .one ..gu..*oneE* * *?.. ... . **. .... ........5_______1564_______ - dentistry, they came in as solemn breeders, and with all of them, we needed to do it according to our own needs and finally got ready to go home to. Vyatka. llo welcome home we went to Chaptsu for a final meeting with Nadezhda Ivanovna regarding the wedding. We agreed that% would immediately announce and finalize the official engagement, that the “priest” would say a prayer and bless the marriage, and make the wedding, as Nadezhda Ivanovna insisted on this, according to the windows of the year after the death of Andrei Yakovlevich Brovtsyn, i.e. In Valad. November. Day through 2-3 was appointed, Sunday afternoon, the official engagement, and my wife and I went to Cheptsu for three to three triples: I’m Allolinarnia Alexev at Vikenti. Y, my father Alexander. Fedorovich, priest, father Ioann Roshetnikov and father deacon. Arkadiy Yves, Ma - rakulin: 8 Brovdanykh were invited only near. Yoshie devotees and the local rural clergy prayed to God, blessed, had a discreet evening, had supper / with the famous Chelets sterlets / and went home. On the same day, the parties began to prepare for the wedding. Engagement ѣ Over. Willow Brovtsy presented to our priest and deacon silk cloth for cassocks, both.There were about two months left before the wedding .. * si Vikөn ~ tі em ө in September ѣ went to Siberia for raw В. Tomsk Powers - far from Karim and ontrodalam namt just collected by him a couple of thousands of leathers of bovine, fresh dead. We loaded everything into two "or three wagons and sent to Vyatka. We found out that after the death of Alecfrom Evgradivich Kukhtarin, six months later or after a year, an accident occurred with his second brother. Innokenіem vgrafovich ө m. In one zөchөrѣov you cut with an officer, they hali naѣer) in the city of Ton - oku and quarreled. Innocent Evtrafochiҹ% started to beat the officer and_______1565_______2:. THOSEwat eat. ngo. shoulder straps, that the officer grabbed the revolver and shot at point blank range and in. Evg. he fell-they were taken home, the doctors came, recognized the wound as fatal. Ile: in the morning runaco “Innocent I will come to Vich, I myself remembered everything and said that the officer wouldn’t blame him for killing, he would take all the blame on himself.Arencana Innokentiya Shvt. began to shrink more. Hrөtіy, the bravotentender Yevgrafomich, was shown to the senior and the head of the company, but the hour also suffered, so when we arrived at Tomsk, we couldn’t see him, we believed that he was unhealthy and wasn’t accepting anybody now. there was a small fraction of raw materials, we didn’t show it to us. We also found other raw-materials inspectors, but we all distracted that they sold last year's dried-up raw materials at the Tyumen Fair, and we only started to collect more, but you don’t sell it now until spring and dry again by We went to the Nizhny Novgorod - Yariarka or Tyumen. So we were unable to buy anything except one thousand leathers. We returned from Tomsk and we went to Petropavlovsk, Akmola oblast, but we also found here, too, and Tomsk, # year-old raw materials for almost everybody - there was an ear sold, but no one else was grouped and no one wanted to sell. 1 they returned home almost a month and bought only one thousand leathers ... A similar incident happened to me on the first disjoint in life, but also in the last, it’s doubtful that the reason for this Critical points kіy moment. financial position with all breeders and, most importantly, with the other Vakhrushevs ... Seven plants. Vakhrushchev’s, on September 1913, didn’t the bankruptcy survive “our firm # org house ... comrade Vakhrusheva Snovya and Ilyich starshiv, F.E. Tor.Nicholas Brothers House,one2._______1566_______5Alexia-and Dimitry Ilyich Vakhrushev, Ot ѣ their fiery in August ѣ at the Nizhny Novgorod fair came. Alext # Ilyich Vakhrushev was entrusted with 23 Stepan. Vasilievich ө Shvetsov, I lived at the fair for three days, and without telling anyone, I returned home, although maybe; he said only to his mu dv * rnnon S, B, Shvetsov that he respects the dodka and take the other, then he returned home, spent the night, all of it at five o'clock in the morning, left, the second living room, prayed for a long time, in front of the icon, then the last one blah - he spoke his son from his first wife Volodya and from his second wife Ales and, taking a revolver, gorge in a bathhouse in the back yard, and there, apparently, left a note: I ask you not to blame anyone for my death; , and shot herself at the temple. Nicholas and Dimitry Ilyich finally lost their courage and tel. Shvetsov to the Nizhniy Novgorod Suicide Fair Alexey Ilyich. , Shvtsov came to my place, informed about the telegram received and asked me what yes Latya said to him,@ oh, in my opinion, it’s impossible to conceal and it is necessary to notify everyone that an unhappiness has occurred, apparently a mental disorder, but to the telgraph’s home so that they don’t give up the rest, so that some of the brothers would be sad • yes, because, if they are hiding and sitting in a home without showing creditors, it will be even worse. Alexey Ilyich was buried, and at the Nizhny Gorodskaya fair, the firm of Ilyich gave birth to his eldest son. Nikolai Ilyich, Nikolai Nikolaevich Bakhrushev. They succeeded in taking soda otvy Step.Vas. Shvetsov, to sell all goods and pay your bills in full or with partial re-settlement / of the non-repayment of bills from Gutermale and from inskago, although there was a rumor, but I personally don’t know_______1567_______.By v and oh. Ilyich and seven were not lost, withstand -5, and they, rizis. and whether they will have to declare bonkrotstvo / there was a rumor that theyor notarially: a shoe factory on Borovitsѣ and all other property to Stepan Vasilievich Shvetsov, i.e. wife’s brother. Nikolai Ilyich va - Khrushov and, if it’s vorny, it’s natural that this lien is fictitious,since Shvetsov had no personal capital, there was no other rumor that it was old. At that time, Ilyich supported his guarantee on their bills. Peterburgskіyt homeowner Di "Mitrii Ivanovich Filippovѣ, who have great friendship Stəptand V, mіzetsova, Eіali to admit that it is valid for shoes; Although the Boro-Vits factory was fictitiously mortgaged to S. A. Shvetsov, the last one, both of them, was designated as a risk measure. Yes. Iv.filipov’s zmog (to reload; I’m giving this factory phi - lipose, or to give out a personal letter to DI Filitose on my behalf, which was secured by this factory. But this is my personal assumption, and no one knew then and then it was - whether it was so; many knew that D. D. Filippov strongly supported him, but why? and did he guarantee himself that he was "%," or, of course, nobody knew, nothing ... ... ... vi: atѣ in 1913 after the last of the Nizhny Novgorod, the fairs were called in. With everywhere the complete, see no creditworthiness of our company, as well as Ilyich seniors, so all about For the first time, 2-3 months were expected for the rest of the Vakhrushevs' companies to go bankrupt. I believe that this was the reason; for nothing, Alexander in Tomsk. Vgr. E. yxterin and didn’t want to sell us. BCME privately to banks from Iravlenіy, t.from St. Petersburg, a secret order was made while taking into account the age -_______1568_______onesh,neT! AlSelo Skotrіt second signature, t.b. if someone is taking into account Nati Euxel’s, then accept and “learn to understand from Jits” to tolerate exit / exit, ie if you don’t • Buy it yourself, then to make the same payment, be sure but redeem: If the other is SROropy, if we present, for accounting, bills, for example, for accounting “whether they are fully reliable, such as Nalyar, Maximov and others:“ I have a bad face. Similar. "I was upset and suggested that I could stand on -sha firm, but nevertheless I didn’t take any mѣrѣ napr: with the transfer of 2 creatures on a fictitious back door to relatives or otherlegal combinations did not mash.Burnu ziz. In Siberia, I came to the Accounting Committee in the State Bank as an ordinary member of the Accounting Committee and was calmly welcomed by the rest and colleagues as members of the Accounting Committee - with Laptov and others. that he requested 3 in the main »Board of the State Bank of St. Petersburg, the right to issue a loan to the owners for the production of goods that are in production with this operation to facilitate the breeders' credit, and the bank will be more than willing to issue loans od tovarії and not beneath consideration, "druzhnstvennyh ve ~ Xela. However, in this case, with a loan, during production, the breeder will have to maintain at his own expense: the artisan, with the factory bank, which will be followed only for: Movement of goods in production. and, at the final exit ъ from ѣ vdѣlki, release it to cut, andv32.ѣ ъ its take in ѣ work is new. hatch. After hearing, this is announced -g.3... . . .g_______1569_______ - Nee, members of the accounting co-account diverged, but I stayed and began to ask in detail. V. Ya. Gogela "regarding the loan and the goods for production." Is it really necessary to present invoices or other evidence of the cost of laying the raw materials. If x: є * without any trouble, then who will evaluate the raw materials that are stupid to the plant. We will serve the raw materials and who will count them and all the other details. E.V. Vogel reassured me saying that he’s hoping, it will be very easy to arrange and easy. In the accounts there will be no need, for every breeder is expensive it their secrets in 2017, for өgo fudet with Tenyaev to know drugia kak ° and who Oilku il.lipt podachѣ same zayavlenіya okөleңіh zakladyғat products is regular in proizvodstvѣ we naznachim the plant "is constantGo shchelk artel, factory owner deceiving him with a small apartment and 50 rubles for rent. Only when the first batch of goods is requested, the breeder must submit the declaration with the indicated %la% of the cost of this cheese. I will send a note to the bank official I’ve recognized that I’ve been to the factory, with the artisan’s goods, i.e. to accept as if from the breeder the account and sometimes give the breeder a hint to the breeder - to the list of goods for the factory leave. Chinoz nick, a breeder and an artisan will make up one and the same amount, and the cost of the goods will be indicated in the statement by the breeder. The next day, this acre will be carried out through the accounting committee simply as a formality. So, at once, the accounting committee 3 allegedly verifies the value of the mortgaged goods declared by the breeder. Bank ”immediately gives 60% to the breeder of the total value for goods at the bank. So, for example, the factory owner presented 10,000 horses for 10 rubles. 100,000 rubles and upon completion of the inspection report through the committee%, the breeder will be immediately issued.-3... ....on ,._______1570_______with-Ba yak loan 35 60.000 rub. , and the percentage will be counted according to the number of days of use of the court and more than once, as when taking into account bills of exchange. I listened attentively to Valery Vasiliy Vogel and all his explanations, and quickly realized that it was to notify us to give credit to the OTB. If you use a loan in production, but we increase our expenses on maintenance, artisan and compulsory insurance of goods, not only on deposits, as it was before, we 2 will have to insure all goods in production. VadhVas • Forelir, added that, when reconciled, in the last .. the time of poloeneniI, BE connection from the bankruptcy of others. Vakhrushevs, another way out as long as not for us .. I asked again: if we all begin. to use a loan for goods in production, will this not affect the reduction of the bill of credit for our company at the State Bank, which, of course, is not in our interest, because all of our sales? all the goods, the country of origin and, first of all, it manages the creditworthiness of the buyer’s authority at the banks and mainly in the State ": 11th bank ѣ, each branch of the State Bank from Peter - burg annually sends credit lists to all houses from all over Russia ie There is no separation from myself. And every money bank will always tell, in other words, to its client "knowing how much credit it is and how much I am determined by the local bank. Valery You. Forgive me, it’s true and I I perfectly understand you I asked for a loan on a production basis, but I had in mind really - eventually to separate myself from friendly bills. As for the decrease in credit, I kept it open, I don’t suppose to keep this in mind, but we will be carefulBUT:*}} ...take into account new ones, and old ones re-read at one o’clock4-_______1571_______..-.teThen I said that I was about to be the first to try this new one for Värskago I'og striking side, ogeratsіu, loans for production. We have now arrived at the backwater, I just bought a lot of raw materials from Tomsk and Veroavlovsk, 60 CG koya. Say goodbye - to be on the ID card, you have to do tomorrow an official or an art person, "Ba ... Bac, .or вызl called for help from Nick controller Ivan Ivanovich. Zubarev, I told you to write on my behalf a loan application B% • production and a lot for the subscription, and for that adding L, that for the first time, I’ll eat it myself. You’ll go to the factory for the first time, and you will have to rely on it for the first time. CE :: olodykh chi inov Nikome and you will show him how - to send it өмъ and draw up an act, Ce од NJ. don’t have to get Isat from St. Petersburg art € Lack is special for a trading house. T. Vakhrusheva ynovya, and tomorrow we are prі edemt. The other day, for okonchanіi n®іy in bankѣ, hours. Bb b ve ~Chera, managed by the State Bank in the Bank, V.V. Vogelat, assistant to 2 supervisors Iv.k: Zubarevny prіl khali kad pal - 45 solos and went back to the water, where did I show them five of the most raw materials in one? - The consignment part is 5000 kokh, and in the second pile iz from Tomsk 1000 kyatѣ, but- partof which BT Zavod was already entered and “I wanted it at all. I told it to the manager and if you recounted it, then immediately I would like to read the skin better. But we need to re-read VV Fogel’s gas we know, we see the glare ”, that there’s a lot of breasts, declared quality, qe second for p. We’ll give you the bill. You will receive all the goods for a year." Co ~ safe storage and you will be charged for the quantity. breasts were thrown by the KOTK at 10-20. Then .. a kiss. Et B, the office, made an act of signing, gave and many, to sign. Estimation. ate 10 rubles per skin:four1L...--".,."_______1572_______.for amounts: 60,000 rubles. The managing director said: 5; You can get one ace and get a loan of 36,000 * rubles, but in tit was almost impossible to send the artisans away from St. Petersburg from St. Petersburg. Prepare an apartment for him and ”continue this operation, and looking at you, I’m sure that the otherPern to go on subsidiary loans in production производ. . . - having received this loan in 2-3 days from us - it’s completely got rid of it, we immediately wrote • to the Second German province "on .. Viva Mikhail I. Karelin started the purchase of raw materials for us" on the former. • conditions, commission . He expressed his consent and ordered to send for accounting vkә - villagesөii, we immediately sent 20,000 rubles, which they received,ruchamb. newy took into account delays. If necessary, we appreciated "Nya, her, and cc. En neppur od Dua du ytems return foluerensrugіkh ba fikah, sts. ” the purchase began in November and December and: the order began to arrive from the Tiermsky-guberniya otlaralina. At the same time, but we started to buy at our bazaar, so that it went into its own rut. They all decided that the crisis "survived, the danger came, and the start of raw materials from Siberia and everywhere ... began.. . . The State Bank’s Otter • Morning: 3 gave assistant superintendents St. K, Zubarev s e “Kolodyk assistant for the production of goods for a loan of production for the second time, I showed him how to lower and share the act, so that in the next part young officials poiz - they tried it alone, one by one, as the controller, wants to give a comm. Nairov - ku, thatѣ and ѣhalѣ considering it as a kind of encouragement on the part of the controller, as well as the business travelers received a small reward from 1 bank. .?. g.,.... Soon after our company, elichi “senior” also began to use a loan in production from the Resource Agency Еонка, and through І.ag.•. ....8...._______1573_______year. and many more for 30 divisions. Lee Drive 8 sevy same financial operation,,. . .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . By the end of October urt gä, 8 y. Brovtsy (a conspiracy was appointed or narev was called a devilnik, they were brought from the Vyatka orchestra "musicians" kennel and footmen. As with our deceased, so and with Brovtsyno all relatives were invited, but onlyobháy niskovi blіka yoshі edlөnocc {! Inexpensive. Izi, Vitki from our side. - Ірі -Mon Ben Aroup chalіn W. Cheptsu on conspiracy vai family. Hand 13 and 4 ikovyh vgё wise. Athan -huathyruptiun сі әкъ! вановичеі. At the age of 35 villages we came as a family, even talking and wedding% for 5 son Nikolai on purpose; prich..kh.zhal iz Gerkenіi for two weeks, and also nala daughter Olga., who was in 1913 on September apple V. Heterburg, Beat with tѣ ed For the found. Afanasyevna Platonova tv Petrbu pѣtia Eestu of the курсө курс kursaz, which was lodged at Ekatnri on Nikolaevna Khudzhilova. Also intentionally for conspiracy and weddings% Vikent_ya trіv ҳzhala Vy liererburga 10:50, for a week. After a week or one and a half, as it was, November 2, was. On 10 aachen, Vincent’s wedding was already in our village. But by this time the frost started and we were very afraid that, like on the 11th wedding day, the ice would not freeze on the Chepts and Eatki rivers, and then you can’t get across the river to the ferry. But everything about the forehead is prosperous on the day of the wedding of the bridegroom. In the morning to Chepna. on a few triplets and an hour. On every day, I’ve got a bride and groom with the escort, aunt chases to us and the village; but stopped, to change the house to the house. "Church by reason" Chagam E5 of five passed away from Vyatka, the archbishop’s chorus - art and regent, reigning. V. Lyubimov, head. Wan - chal avenged - priests, father of ioa. Nya.us!atl.*AY Kn. oneone:BUTgee -Tr::::._______1574_______ .КА .. Arkadiy arakulny comrade Isaac Zyatka and Slobodsky gathered the wedding of the guest, the shyғarmal, as I recall, were managed by the State Bank 145 of the city of VV Fogel with the wife of Elena Alexandrovna factory nnapectors• you. An. Baturylі Nikov, spouse, Gomoshnik controller of the State Bank Iv. HE Rarpovich. Zubarev, Ivan ign. Napitevz, Alexander tө Tolgushchin, sous su: rugo Tkaterina Yakovlevna and the mass. friends and clan 37 - Venniks, Iz Slobodsky and Vyatka. 113 of the city of Getropavlovsk. prі.ѣz - tala is my sister. And on Aleksandrovna, “Kli to eat with my daughter and my daughter,“ e ”, I’m eat and mum Alexander 5 Yev. Butori nit d titli Husal 15 Abdulo vich ог e ө .. .. .. From Moscow, special friends came to the wedding for trade friends from their factory Stererov extracts. Styrui y dovіrn Nnії “Ikulai Nikolayavachs tiyas nizkova, ko :: yevhenny merchant Tikhon aihay lovich Zonov and some other 135 Koskvichs, whom I don’t store {nizі.and others 1 and 2, e and seychast. From Pererburgakh there were up to one and a half ~ one hundred poses}} of equal tele - gras: мъ and 2.3, a series of pre; {ol ".: Alos" on the day First day, goslf E: Nchanіya almost immediately was, obd, trorolls: almost i at midnight. Hinigie gosti remained with us to roam, and "good nights" at the sign OSE! хъ BE на -, the village sat and some of the guests left for Vyatka, and the next day, again they took notice, thatto kak danceӨVAЈ: the first evening and the ball, called the merry feast, forever spray 375 on a support day, because; On the 1st day of perfection, tat on your marriage nya, according to ancient hүstіanski 4 • custom: VKE, dance - - vyat tав chav gimsya was considered to be grim nym, and therefore it’s about time :: EK ours. Iys'kh u There were arranged that NDK on the second day. K5 in the evening of the second Іya articles from, Vyatka would tt, prig, zen orchestra, brass music and masi again pn: * ptiti x gostіt folo ": 5, quality ti H11kl, trucks and girlfriends: e nihah and nevsi. In the upper% - these danced all night, and vn nickname.-BUT.X?.....іone"THOSE!_______1575_______BUT.TETRetayaѣ played v cards, v prez feran and vin t, tables ”ten. A hundred "vovka" was prepared vivka and appetizer. Dinner on the second day began at five o'clock in the morning and lasted until 8 in the morning and only after 8 o’clock the musicians were sent to Vyatka most of their guests went home, but people 30-40 still remained until 13 o’clock in the afternoon, and on the third day of demolition they danced until 10 o’clock in the evening .. After about 9-10 hours more, they danced according to the di harmonica, which was played by a relative! my sister’s nickname Anfisa A. ІІlatu new, Tichon Ivanovich, one of them with the harmonica brought in, “Uncle Alexandra Ivanov, Platuyu dividi. Russian dance and squatting. They began to ask me to support him and cost him Hg niu and, although I wasn’t able to, I didn’t refuse and went to dance with ish nim, mimicking approximately what she gave when hehe. they started dancing in a squat and steel Kicking different legs -HATAN counts, I am in front of% neither for the floor and hands Vin to click 110 on the floor R. The fact of his danceѣ. Many times the loud voices of all 11 oz were laid, so that all G ались went around from the rooms Tosno three dogs to dogs Ilyasku. Even Narya and Izbrobtsyn I were attracted to a dance square dance on the third day of the last ukhin. In general, the wedding took place at a solemn weight and, in any case, “it is better that we could cope with the wedding of our daughter ET, Peter 2, Pavlovsk, who I’m talking about: BLAbie.Presentation of Kalei Rog v Q3Irrigations, after a bite of desi..F5elevengR. .In the whole of 1912, our third daughter, who studied at the Ejatian gymnasium, was named. B. Grade 4, it was sufficient to take exams for interception 5-iii: classes, before exams she was bitten by a dog in Vyarka.deputy_______1576_______kt+- p? torone.is it that the dog is better at R ro: “et” Dad :: 2 took care of the current to the token, which is inspected in: said, it’s difficult to immediately determine, but after that, because of the precaution, go? 15 Tehemzh and for .. "to make a NTRIB, as R 3 F. 10 was a bacteriological and institute and was not paying at Rivka. B-c1 Do you need prlos: elen 10 hat in summer with Valen ti. But also with the grandmother of the Gotlich Nariya Alexіvі Rukavin) Nikovo1, la h355. but with you! KNІRI what b RE. ІІІer "I ate and got ready, for the exam, and after returning rye Ryatka, and then to take an exam. Grі: Halt B. Perm he: asked for a lodge k5 Anastasiya Kukhiyano - vnѣ Nazarbnoy and 12 with Odz with tviel, where to stop and r ҳӣ to find the Institute for vaccination, An ... azargva E0 BS 6 g. - provided. Full content: RThie and even thanked that, according to her І.eòtrAleksandrovich gris, she was her daughter, she was direct to her, as she was friends, she was: 1. Doctor with dlvziv trivia Posov otalіz panі estіk. 1, current month. Do not worry, do not, for reading a lesson: n 11 an eye do not pull the exam. I declined the exams, “About the fall, and then she poured her leave to study completely. Autumn 25; Mineziya Va Gala keӣ at the start of GET agencies for 4 classes of students.TTI TR.In 1913, all of Russia celebrated its fiftieth introduction - the EMPEROR »AL ETESANDROІm SECOND zemstvos in Russia. The year before this anniversary of the congresses, the presidents of provincial zemakih administrations. Moscow decided.: from all of Russia and Siberia and from every zemstvoprovincial zemstvo to elect representatives of two vowels_______1577_______.• X BG. 11*atg.fromP!!Representatives of the provincial governorate, neither the city of Teterburg, the infantry - having agreed to EGC OCHA ** likl'o deign to the state "AP and 471 # RATOR NIKOTAYA 11 according to the article of the city, so that all the Zemstvo people could come from all over Russia) 'Ві: TICHETSU. The last connection has connected, cancer, that all the throes, Ends. 191? And on January 1983, elected their representatives .11, the presidents of the United States of America, who had intercommunicated between their television: / s , it was renewed for all provincial and for one Yan hessess twah, the prize is merged merchandise E - Glance to you, which hobbly wish in: art: dzun! I’m already selected, I’m in town Petersburgt, and I’m going to introduce myself to TOS, TAR “TERATOR.V. 9 30 I’ve made up the gubernsk’s vowel to give faces to choose Eugene, imagine 17, then FE first of all, C: \ "u: appointed + t governor of the governorate!" Prince: Alexander: Alexandrovich Gnyazyokh and d.i.port called us all ?: 075 how human is KZ, and progress was higher: hall! 1, that the Vyatka province, all of them: peasant, and therefore they are insistent. on the headquarters, although it’s odik, pres13: 15 there was 4 compulsory swearing and 35 land of 5 land-men, and secondly! (Із nickname or coupe, prі.people. Vibors to make an obligation - not covered by the white mark. Then Knyazev and I took off my kanga tours and sti:? They took away the buy-outs. V. imagine the sin were elected Kіepr Іvanovich Gleks ndroEE, Kyak іш: The Vyatka zemsky voice of Nyse is less than 1'ha Noyaits. Pere?! And 3, dear! Nick. Orlovskogo uzda. It was announced that op :. is pale obligatory: For employees inside the order, and for keslullo Archvn natsionalnalN.7 costume ::. Not with kyur Rukov, it wasn’t allowed to do anything .. y.On 0: 1 H during the break I brought to “their% and sp - rosilt., Everybody, Lad s dlіda "3 tsil (at the state governor’s office before -G14, 4Fat me?+R.onedo akoboneg. and.. iat.E..._______1578_______tөlөnѣ at the coronation of Sovereign Nicholas II and what kind of costume he had, I would also like to get dressed. I explained to him, the national costumeKadnaHS kon peasant is considered to be a team of dark blue cloth with sides, wide trousers and high Russian boots, patent-leather beeches and a silk blue shirt, because it is starchy with a collar. and at that - the same costume лся was also introduced in 1908 from the Vyatkak monarchical party. S.I. Poroshin thanked me and, indeed, I prepared exactly such a suit, according to my advice. A few days later, Pavel Ivanovich Pankov, chairman of the Tuberno Zemstvo Government, announced that the initiative group 8өntsev, having strangled shih ѣ raut, decided to arrange a grand celebration, all of which would entail fifty of the whole institution I’m in charge of declaring to everyone that I want to accept that I’m willing to take part in the presentation, to favor everyone will be recorded in my county or provincial administration for one month and to leave St. Petersburg at my own expense. Entrance tickets to the route will be sent to you in advance. Immediately in the provincial letter I signed up for one of the first, and from the “Lobodsky Letter” I recorded Nikolai Di. Plus ning, and from the fifth - the knowledge of Denis Fadeevich. Zonov ѣ Ivan. Ilyich. Aleksandrov, from the Yaransk zemstvo Nikolai Pavlovich Starodumov. / Member of the 4th state Duna /, from the овazovsky zemstvo M.I. Poroshinѣ and mnorie. other, a. up to 15 people. Petersburg we eat n.d. Plus, the Ninnia stayed in the Paris Hotel .. Since I already had the rank of Provincial Registrar and received the Order of Stanislav of the 3rd degree on January 2, I decided to introduce myself already to you.that e_______1579_______- with the order, as a member of the State Committee’s Accounting Committee, I had the right to wear a muddir. Ministry of Financeѣ, sixth grade. Such a costume was yai oѣlР. Rautѣ was in the noble sob ranіi. More than a thousand people came to Zentsev, with each gubernatorial b. Governor. B% of the big hall were all arranged in groups, each Ruvvriya separately: The SOVIET appeared from the side to the exit, accompanied by the premieres of nistr V.V. Koktsov and of ministers: the Tsar went alone throughout the hall, while he was accompanied by the leaders of the two provincial, “zimsky” councils, who represented: representatives of the zemstvo of such a provincial “estate.” In each group, the STATE stopped and asked two or three chapters nym, stoyavshim ahead .Bs "our gruntѣ sovereigns asked D.F.Zonova what you uѣzda, Zonovѣ otvѣtil Vjatskogo uѣzda: 00ҳodѣ prodolzhalaya hours2-2 1/2, the last, sovereign rose to the stage and. The Christmas tree was served with a golden cup of champagne, and all the glass sides of champagne were given to the STATE TELLER by the words of greetings to all the people.and expressed his wish for fruitful activity, the audible sounds of cheers and hymns all drank champagne and the SOVIET removed the nastra and the rest began. Everyone sat down in their own groups, 8a separate circles — for me there were tables of 10-12 people, and our Vyatka group, with the governor in the lead, numbering about 20 people, took two tables. After dinner, about 12 o’clock everyone dispersed funds, and the next day, according to my initiative, we all led and the governor with us, to take part in the same group. This photograph came later in the cabinet of the provincial government, I bought this photograph from Vyatskikh zektsөv.one....04one._______1580_______ - (2 den: to lay down all areas a2, at the field and from Harahap va arata u CAOW H ALOGHCUCUmore Sontal or tipiewige Kaultto them. . . In% 1912, when the factory’s Trading House * F.T. Vakhrushevo Sons "was recalled by the quartermaster, N. Khudozhilov; I’ve been removed from the factory, St. Petersburg, Nokidaya factory. I, N, Khudontslovѣ already realized that new presidential officers, the intendas were paratrooper officers, artificially made them jealous of him, in order to create their own careers, move forward, kill the commander of the colonel Tak. , we intended to continue to support and once - duvat and after his departure to the factory, Opi began to drip at the forefront; his actions & services and pressure to exert pressure on even the factory owners, with the goal of bothering them to join them in order to help them all laggy prednіya abuse, perfect old-fashioned intendi pokii prishchivot. Wtѣiz finally put the blame on him and give it all, his trial .. ...Jan Khudozhilov, before leaving his home, called on himself to the office of Mikhail Ivanovich Lagunov, our senior pupil, right now, and the manager of a warehouse and I would hand over the goods and boot at the factory and told me the rest of my life 8 hours before my service saloyanago goods, I used magazines, works, which I showed. V.I. Lagunov, Daily recording of a loan: the amount that the breeder does not have to pay, how much has been changed by another,M.:four_______1581_______. . . . .how much has been accepted and how much has been returned, how much has been returned to the marriage or for rectification, and how much, finally, have been employed. ”I advise you, for the future, to keep the same journal at the factoryan office personally for plant management, regardless of whether there will be new businessmen, keep such a journal, parallel with your two yourself or not. I advise you to keep your own ѣ Journal регулярно regularly, taking a break, this over time. It will come in handy for you, I foresee that now you have 3 factories at your factory; new receivers will change a little and everyone will be old - you will dump your work on another so as to protect yourself from any kind of merits, but this will also please and slow down. When will you If you have such a magazine, signed at least once by the supplier, accountant, and outsiders and working people, then this will serve you as official documents against which there will be a separate view of the activities of the kayadago separately A manager and the productivity of each work, and all this should be useful for factory management. It may happen that the water management will have to catch on too much. Tikbiіvsimitsya that prі өmshchiki delay the prienka or quietly when you - may. And businessmen, in turn, can, declare that, on the contrary, nan; there was nothing to review and there was nothing to review, but when Vasya "has an official journal, then the complaint will be considered not proven, head-writing with your side, but having a permanent journal, even if the alleged misunderstanding doesn’t happen, with new employees, you don’t risk it and continue to keep journals, maybe later, after a year or two it will come in handy and then such a journal will be of great importance, like the year of year%........Fe • •_______1582_______.V.I. Lagunov thanked Lt. Khudozhilov and immediatelynonimo drivӣoya - to the office ... Ivanova, give food a book and started a daily journal of the work of the Intentional Commission at the factory."" Prіzhav in St. Petersburg. Ya.N. Khudozhilov, who showed up to the chief Quartermaster and listened to him for the transfer of service%, i.e. unofficially requested razѣia принимnіya accepted for the issue of sanfor the Irkutsk contract, the sole of the product is not of its own factory, but although of better quality, but of the St. Petersburg factory. The chief Intvvd Fri announced to Khudozhilov that his appointment in Orenburg is canceled, he is being seconded to the main Intvndiqvriu management in the future, i.e. junior headmaster of the 1stOniya, and all his business at the Vakhrushevnya plant, is transferred to the february ө - visa л ҳ ҳ ҳ ѣ ѣ ѣ aldnavyakh for investigation, military soldier ѣ a. Lieutenant colonel. Khudozhilov went to Colonel M.V. Akimov, who at that time was also suspended from the post of head of separation and asked for an advice on what to do. Colonel“Q: Akimov unscrewed, Van remains to do nothing, it is necessary to obey the order of the general of the Chief Quartermaster. It’s not so important that I’m sure that the letter will end, unless, of course, no bribery or “other unlawful acts were incurred, if they incurred“ damage ”. * * Young quartermasters, wanting to distinguish themselves and if they are old, "officers" to get to the top, private correspondence of% of people who are heading the courses of quartermanship, they were able to convince the heads of the quartermaster that, if the warden comes to the factory,_______1583_______.AtNICKCES-.":}then it will reveal a lot of abuses that will entail. return to the court ѣ the quartermaster: the owner and the "breeders." In view of this, the chief quartermaster gave all this to the investigator, the majority was temporarily fulfilled by the Irkutsk contract, hoping to terminate it: that’s it. It’s understood that if it is not settled. no abuse was done nor damage was done. The refusal is that War Orvѣt doesn’t agree on the majority - the Chief Quartermaster and doesn’t want to terminate the Yarkut contracts. compose and file a lawyer: relevant: teot.wd.Colonel Khudozhilovѣ met with me two days later and conveyed my conversation with the colonel. Akimov ... I said that: I really suppose to turn to any lawyer for a long time, I consider it to be premature, because it’s possible that everything will be settled and the contract will be canceled, because I’m talking about the strength of my own State Duma deputy Nikolai Pavlov - ca - Starodumova go to the main thing. Quartermaster explain to him inIn order to prove that the government didn’t do any harm, but rather, we first put the soles of our products under this contract, but those turned out to be too soft, although they were air-conditioned, but still lower than the quality of the Petersburg plants. Finally, for all other koyatracts it was already officially commissariat ѣ it was beaten to put boots on the side of the Veterburg plants, and Irkutsk on the way, it accidentally turned out to be muffled and the society was stamped - oldKomoby products / coding companies also allow delivery and 3% purchase of goods32.onetEE.":-four_______1584_______.for that part of the letter of delivery which should have been issued for the seizure of the purchased goods must be secured by the pledger with cash liens with interest-bearing securities, with the interest on these pledges being paid for the benefit of the breeder. But the treasury didn’t profit much from this materially, but at the same time it didn’t lose anything, but the breeder was very burdensome, and especially one that lacks financial resources. about borotny means. All this afterwards: the bulo is disheartened. Intendana tvu, and, for: the interest of the treasury, the administration agreed; For that fast, you are only sinol so that tunic workshops and shoe factories can be allowed to deliver goods and purchase goods from the governor to give evidence, 8% of additional collateral. I requested all this. n 1. Starodumov, a member of the State Duma, to express the line on the Chief Quartermaster :, since I started. Sam. Explain to the Chief Intendant, but he first calmly listened to me and when. Get the Vyatka, but there was an additional message from: the quartermaster, the course of the officer of kirova baavrshir hvizitѣnavlikoprivdvidkhorovichѣkhhakhrushavҳkhon treeѣXdrioyalihvyazistіkkeidіkі tserova that survived from the mind of an old man. Fedorovich. Vazrushev: they wanted to get their way off, saying that they put out the sole in the factory and ordered them to put on the top of the sukh - dry sukhoi kokhs * chuhago plant, the similar one - the stupid trick of Navla ffedorovich Vakhrushev, completely undermined the trust of the headquarters of the headquarters of Nun to listen. I: said that a military investigator, disassemble everything and every genderread in your hearing. ... .... ....._______1585_______..-3:..:eBUT,..Yesterday: at the head of the Mainstream there was a $ - Your Vyatka deputy Rody as a gift to the whole Duma and for a long time I heard from him and I hope that he told me everything in detail, which I accepted for this decision the main Infidenday, and that he said to the deputy Starod I am moving, “Today pedya S H: D. I will know everything to Starodukov and Ot Yero: if our business is directed, beab. army Sovѣ tѣ - for termination of the Irkutsk contract, then, of course, you will have to take a military attorney and speak officially with the protesthen. By the way, do you know any good military hell-wokata; Didn’t Colonel Akimov tell you who were good lawyers? Lieutenant Colonel Khudozhilovѣ denied that his brother has a friend, co-worker, good adulkat, it seems to him; knows Akimov under the carpet too, but this lawyer lives somewhere in Finland, but it happens once or twice in St. Petersburg, and if Van is needed, I’ll get his brother’s name and address if you meet regiments of Nick Akimov, then ask - him - this is a lawyerѣ.In the evening of the same day, the deputy of the State Duma, N.P. Sta pldumov, informed me that the main one was {I’m a tenant, but I really did. ~ without a word, he listened attentivelyѣ and said that he always belonged to bir mѣT.D.F., Vakhrushev sons and peopleѣ 11: A: Vakhrushchev, with great accruals. I believe that I believed him to be good as equal suppliers .. When I arrived at the request of young 3 officers., I took it for granted that I was completely sure that there was nothing wrong with it, and probably it will be possible to find out everything, and I ordered a telegraphic request to certify the activities of the plant, whether at least part of the sole is made on its owng.P*-іfrom,one_______1586_______BUTatFactoryѣ and Don’t nңѣ. Zdѣvѣ ”personally, A. Vakhrushev explained that he drank a lot of money, that at first they tried to dig out the plantar skin in their own factory, but these skin turned out to be satisfactory to me, Iletөr - of Burgas. 8vodov, but I mean, in the last time they started to send them out. But on a substitute: either the company wanted to be tricked. to conduct young quartermakers. stating im; that the plantar skin is being worked out all the time on its own, the plant. Op., ordered to put on bans in the evening, filled with yuft-vili with leathers, from above 2-3 dry podolіvn Nykh koya, seen. in other people's factories, and. in the morning. Povel prі emshchik show them Jana with a sole, This fraud was immediately discovered. and a protocol has been drawn up, which, under olan’s opinion, is considered. I cannot approve of the similar behavior of phirin. and to shelter not Nam ,reң%, but immediately at zero measure and handed it over to the military investigator for the most rigorous investigation.Nowadays, your requests cannot change the case and even beyond my expectations, I have taken a bad turn and my commitment to V.A. Vakhrushev has been shaken. It is possible that the following will be discovered - for such a name as a landlord and a breeder, to get a trial, at least I haven’t yet been completely convinced, although it’s private because. God forbid, “So that everything turns out like you say in this case nothing will end, but if it turns out the other way round, e, I’m going to have parts of love, then I won’t spare anyone. ѣ its @ өndansky dѣlѣ and to plant new people of Inte ty. In a word, the main one. And ngendant ubѣ - the deed of the deputy of the State Duma, Mr. Starodushov, thanks to_______1587_______....''g.''Eg..NOT W.- 'his petition. / as the people's chosen one / the relationship of Intendano to Vakhrushev feverishly, as well as donation, will be fully restored as before, if the consequence is - it was established that there was no admittance - but there was no malicious intent on the part of the receiver of the breeder’s breeder agreement because of selfish ends to the detriment of ka zy (that is, bribery) and everything will be forgotten. But if the military alienator finds mal Yshіy olѣdѣ not “legal actions in this case”, if the seller comes under trial, with a clerk ”, who also gets under court, the contract will be terminated and the breeder of this company will not be allowed to supply of goods. The NIP “Starodumov” conveyed in detail, the whole conversation with the Head of the Quartermaster and, in conclusion, ”said that while Vamzh” has nothing to rest, you need to wait and see what the investigator does. If you yourself are sure that, consequently, you can detect any evil consumption, like. Ext. claim for the reasons; that they wouldn’t be at all, in Cancer, the case sit still and wait a few days brother. I, N: Khudokhilova sent many for every occasion; Address of a military lawyer, Soon Holo. This .8% is one bank in Revolutionary DEB, I met Colonel Akimov and, having given myself the opportunity to ask the question, I recommended that I be a good lawyer, for 1 top case, if I have to file a protest against the Military Council, at least. if the Chief ІІntөk donation makes a report%; about terminating our Irkutsk contract Vt Khudozhilov, I heard that you know "this lawyer and would like to know what kind of opinion. , said that he knew this well a lawyer, but it’s believed that he himself doesn’t take it{si"ST. KINEMUrhg._______1588_______.martsfor, he lives in his houseIn Finland, I also rent a summer cottage - far from it, and, moreover, you don’t need at all ”such a lawyer, he’s expensive, but he won’t. it’s necessary to appear in court, but such a lawyer will be needed ”, who could, on your behalf, come to the Military Council, demand your case, familiarize yourself with the motives for terminating the contract and submit any justified objection for all reasons. It made it so simple that. You need to spend money on a dear lawyer, here, Petersburgѣ, there are quite a few more - dөshөөnkhzhadvokatov and each of them gъ gѣѣ өөti to compose for you. the necessary protest, I denied that while we would not contact anyone, and the Budent would wait for the result of the investigation, but if all the same I had to take a lawyer, I would rather turn to the friend of Khudozhilova’s brother. I would like to ask him: “Finland, this is not far from here, but relatively reward, we will not save 3,” and, in case of inconvenience, brother. Khudozhilova will not refuse to take over the negotiations on the reward of Ygo. Colonel Akimov said, this is your cause, but once. You asked my name for you and rejected it purely sincerely. He also had to take a lawyer on me and wrote me donor {\ isarev as if I • had been selling Warsaw to contractors and had given the delivery of the boot without bargaining and “I didn’t have to sell it. nor Moskovsky supplier ntam factory. But, of course, he’s going to fall for it, you are probably remembering how in 1909, you remember how. You came to the Main Matepathy, after the bidding, and I told you that after. Bidding left 80,000 pairs, not presented to bargaining, but after. trade, as planned. It turned out necessary. additionally, prepare.g.іatoneRItli;_______1589_______The main Intend on the noteѣ was decided that such an insignificant amount was not worth it. - to make through the district military council, and the pretexts: 1 tъm to the same contractors, at an average-complex price set on the top, to give in addition this amount without trading, which has a shoe factory. At that time, from Vyatky breedersѣ only lead 6, one of our firms had a shoe factory. At the head of the main administration and the administration of others, I offered others, this is the quantity, but for some reason you refused or suggested contacting Moscow and St. Petersburg, but these factory workers also refused. In the end, this amount was given to Warsaw, and the peter, accusing me, was using criminal acts, which was rumored to be Vilensky. okrugѣ I'm talking about to my friendsѣ, Wilenski and to the Warsaw contractors. Everything was handed over to the military investigator, and it is possible that it will be just once in the military court, and so I will whistle the Head of the Tenant Quartermaster and Vasya breeders with my evidence of taking the oath and without any proof I will prove it completely. dyystvіy.Ya saidѣ that I remember these facts and, didn’t the judge call the men, I won’t refuse under? repeat the oath of all this; Poke. it came and ended. The prkl of the Akimov’s rug didn’t meet me for a long time - no one called me anywhere, so I ““ almost forgot, I’ve forgotten that, it’s all ended with a “bez” trial .. "The consequence was that Khudilov’s production was carried out. The Senate Revolution was very slow. The case was temporarily handed over to the military investigator Perm for temporary production, and for production there was a total investigation of the Istakha, Vyatka landlords and the owner of the Vlachnya Vlachrushev. from Peria you are Vyatka, have lived only a few daysone:::_______1590 _______:Post wa ba yaki and the treasury; books for the expired 2 years and sent an official additional request5 to the bank administration, I didn’t have any deposits or deposits. I couldn’t cut the banks to St. Petersburg, produced by Lt. Col. Khudozhilov, or - by him or others for him, whether the percentage of yin paper or treasury serials by the Vakhrushevs or Lt. Colonel Khudonilov was bought, but nothing happened anywhere. too, without result. Once Perla - an okay military observer who arrived in our village late in the evening, about 6-7 o'clock, came to the apartment of the oton bailiff Alexander Matvievich Vasiliev, showed him his powers and was ordered by the Governor of Vyatokago to be provided everywhere. - requiresѣ. Protav A.M. Vasilievi I declare to him that he, in full control of him, and then the military inspector saidѣ that he should collect his guards and officersѣ to produce the sign of the officeѣ of the F.T. Vakhrushchev’s trading house.ceti hour order. But if I can try to make love, then you are in charge — so you plan to capture and find suddenly the most common course, if this is not a secret for the Poles either. The military investigator stated5 that, on the contrary, you should provide all the necessary assistance to capture the entire trading office the booksfor the last 2–3 years, for viewing them. With that new bailiff asked, but the crowns of books ѣ weren’t necessaryto find something else. The military ally said, except for books, I don’t need anything else, and after examining the books, I will do more to whom I consider necessary. This new bailiff said that if. . . . . . . .h_______1591_______5 s..gin,E,if you only need to grab books, then in my opinion%, I don’t have to round up and bonsk, I’m sure that the books will be presented to you as well, as well as the office and the whole factory% for viewing, if you wish all this will be provided in full. Having thought the military investigator said, if you vouch that many books will be provided 3 without hindrance, then it might be better not to search, but it would be better if today you could take books from your office to your apartment if you were to book and spend the night at your place. . The priest offered to call the factory owner Pavel Fedorovich, who is only one day away, like Peter. Al: now in Petersburgѣ. You ask Pavel Fe. books and all that is needed, when the military officer became a bailiff, he picked up the telephone, telephoned to Pavel Fedorovich’s apartment and asked him to immediately arrive at the bailiff’s apartment on an urgent basis. Cerne. 5-10 minutes. Pavel Feyavilsya and pretending to announce to him that the military investigator wants to revise your book trade and whether you can order now not them. delivered to my office, or would you prefer to have a look at the checkpoint? Pavel Fedotvtil said that it doesn’t matter to him how the military investigator wishes, even if he does it. Call the accountant Mikhail Petrovich Ivanov on the phone, tell him what books to carry and that’s all. You have been provided with a. Pri.-tav telephone at the accountant’s apartment, handed the phone to Pavel Fө “saying, give yourself the necessary order. L. Fed. on the phone beredal; Vikhailo Petrovich, take the trouble to come to the apartment by seizing it immediately. When I arrived, M.P. Ivanov, Pavel F.c; azalѣ him, here in the last day the follower demands to view our trading books, so Bar•2.one._______1592_______elevenask yourself in detail what he needs and bring all the skda with өi - on my horse, and if he prefers to erase his office, then let him go there. Here, the military investigator stated to the accountant what he needed, after 15-20 minutes, and to keep everything without any description, I thanked Pavel and said that I’m free today, and the accounting about tomorrow tomorrow is on go to and nѣ. . . .“. The next day the accountant and the military investigator contacted me with a question. under which headings are written in the books »rax. issued commissary ba pr ieschnikam bribes. M.II. Ivanov ѣ ѣѣ --- til, if you look for such records in a book, then you won’t find anything like that. Here’s already 25 years old, I’ll be able to make sure that the accountant from the company never wrote such records, they don’t and currently there are no conditional 5 headings and entries in the books of the public for each amount that has passed through the books, there is a justifying document, without which no amount given to anyone can be written to the books. I’m sure that the accountant is reliably removed нет - the question posed by you is whether bribes are given to anyone at the factoryor not given. The military aliens asked, and if I accept you - with an impasse - I will ask you to scan. Accountant and sworn in, I’ll say that much of this is not known, since there haven’t been any records on convenient books, there aren’t any supporting documents?presented. The military soldier again asked the accountant, and here in the Book zalіhaano; a large amount taken for cash expenses Pavlom. F. or Petrom Aleksandrovich "three’, about five thousand, or both should take 5-6 thousand rubles each, so that you could be from Sumy - өsya.~.---°golovno record, and issued to someone how. Bribes._______1593_______onet.:Ts*. - M.P. Ivanov5 replied that he, of course, could also have 6 only a question or an assumption, maybe, but, having 25 years of age, these are bookkeepers, I know that when there weren’t even quartermakers' rates, there were similar records and then. The farm is owned by the general household, and the household property of each person is separate and the family has their own expenses. Therefore, as a matter of need, everyone grew a squeak. take from the cashier how much he needs. There have been cases when one builds one’s home or celebrates a wedding by giving his daughter 5–10 thousand from the box office. rubles, and the second for the equation of capital remaining, also take the cash surcharges corresponding to the corresponding amount, Moreover, from PeterAlek. Besides tannery, it’s common, there are “their own bargaining - no matter: how, like. Nar a store at home in the name of women’s, furry-vegetable “production in ael ѣ uspenskon * in the name of son-in-law: V. A. Lived. The second company, of course, does not want his capital to work on a common businessof any interest, and therefore, probably, he will take out the full amount from lyon19, to equalize 84BB%, on behalf of his son Aleksiy Pav, invests again in cash, in the form of a loan, under% of the age for interest. When • e # he accountant showed bill of exchange debtHARACOL 1x bloluy trading - at home to F. Vakhrushev's sons on promissory notes “for interest, fifty thousand rubles. The military investigator asked for all this and asked for the accountant’s signature. After that, he thanked Iva Vova, adding that he doesn’t see interrogation when he’s in oath, you’re right and you can’t give more detailed explanations. For this reason, you can take all the kaiti, and I’ll interrogate I’ve already planted the dalts and I’m sorry that there is no Alek, but tell me , offour.:butone._______1594_______enter into it, and ptendaptokini delivery and all the best .. p. Ivanov and that confession reiterated that the Fed Novelo passed. Head of the kan va Nookwѣ posts, and Potrya Alek, buying onra and plant management 1 ө n ”, after that, installing a shoe factory and giving shoes at the factory, your business, dapaktya of the rafts, contracts and howling, correspondence ay Yaenda, but only Peter: and, in his absence, as a full-fledged hag vchip3, in case of need, the company is sometimes represented by Pavel Fyodorovich or he, she is Alexey Pavlovich. However, most of the time was delayed until the arrival of Peter Aleksap. In addition, the start-up managing director father Peter is still in the fire. Al “Alexandra Fyodorovich Vazrushevo, he is already 75 years old and trusts that he has a disposition: 13, he doesn’t intervene and it’s useless to interrogate him, because he’s nothing, let’sThe military inspector said that he pospoli toya - from Alex dron Fedorov. but if I’m 75 years old, then I won’t interrogate him, but Paul f. and Aleksey Pav • I will interrogate the employer to invite them to the church 86 and I arrived. Stop the Taurus, they called David F. and Aleksey Pav, the church and the san arrived. Derkiv, Aleksey Pavlovich stated that, because of the ruling, he refuses to take the oath, and answers the questions: military inspector will be repulsed by the story and all that is entangled.,., Priest, about. IoapyaRѣshөtnikov took the oath of oath of Pavel Fyodorovich and the prisoner interrogated interrogated Pavel Fydi Alokov, pav. at the apartment о pri Rava. Both opa showed that about the time when the lieutenant colonel Khudopdov was given bribes to the trade report of the polls. No expenses were not numbered and they did not enter into any agreement. Use the military investigator knew about the bulletin and profile to sign and said. When Peter returned home_______1595_______..one.. -one23to--Al, suggest: “Well, not wash” - if op% - during the current month - go to the public, in. Perm for interrogation, I would like along the way: wherever when you train in 2 Siberia. Yool: same: he cannot "say, for many others I simply have to make it clear that at some time it will be possible to catch. Petra Alk. Don and I will be - you are only 8% expected to get here......... ...... They waited a series of two., I returned “from the Child of St. Petersburg. First of all, I was an accountant and, Ivanov, I gave a detailed report, about: an entrenched warrior - the warden’s wagon for the last and bailiff.” Alec, 112. Vasil өvt came to show Shiy. in detail, the volume of the official side of the Revi 8i military is observable., and then reported to me, Cho, last. re - at 81, military - researcher: Vnkazad your admiration for the time being - vanіya N.І. Ivanov .. the wizard first. there were doubts that when recording -ayah in books, skrts conditionally suntsya spent on. Bribes: it was - I was looking for a way, like, to “take aim at such records”. However, after the accountant said that it’s already 25. years, it’s like water, that’s the record of giving ө even when there wasn’t. , the owners took on "personal expenses, then" it became clear to me that it was impossible to aim at these records. Finally, not a single ba yakѣ uni - to the treasury, but there was not a single trace of the trace, and according to only rumors%: or it’s impossible to build accusations. It turned out that it was good: a very radiantly and milky bubble fired a cannon at a sparrow from the cannon. The link to let go, which is valid. A bribe: “it wasn’t given for a second, or esl (it was given, then it was only half as big as the koarts of the nose, it’s leaked. Ah, apparently there are also very many lieutenant commanders Khudozhilov,” stubborn good man B% Vyatka “- dm3 - inѣnie: ө unanimouslyoneh....those;*,*..BUT..on.one.*..:_______1596_______speaks of price in all circles 3: the best, expressions: an excellent public, always cheerful, cheerful, accepted everywhere, don’t drink, drank, never quarreled with money and money in one bank ѣ per n ө. Fallen pi oberezhenіy, nor translations. M very ѣ AөA% not wanting to come here again for nothing, for the question of Peter Al. knowing in advance% that there isn’t much to be learned from him. new, but until I interrogate неgo, I can’t ... I can’t turn this thing back: V. Petersburg. I ask Val Rospodina to protpotѣ. try tosmiling. to persuade him that%: heѣ itself prí zholf to manyѣ Pernѣі and: evo vѣ. their ө intөrәsiho, speedy smoking 6 cases. After listening to all of the above, it’s from Vasiliev; thanked the poison. Yeah for. general. and added, explain, it’s better if I will - soon after, ve ve өөrn., I’ll stay - in ѣ dearѣ one and a half. days and - all 83 goals. . Down with ... .. ... ... ... .... . . . . . . . . . . ... ... ... On the next day. Two morning I went to Vlekupostili — my hats and embankment. They also said that the military investigator was and interrogated o, Basi Khudozhnilov, I didn’t find anything wrong. of the station spicyly went to the military investigator to the apartment on the property of not his adr. I: I recommended and sold it off that you wanted to hear and question me from the military. I don’t know and I don’t guess. * when he says that you are really not a hali, they say that he gave a big bribe, he’s a goof at Khudozhilov, so really Wim). personally, no one spoke about this Yes, he did .. I, personally no one said that, but if someone_______1597_______.one-3••T14...17.from...one11.11 ''four:.* 14f4444"n.“Іcurrent ѣ said ғ o. I would have attracted him, of liability. for defamation and would require proof. Of course, they came to me, private booby and to, I didn’t attach to them .. they didn’t mean anything, because all the races are “puokadoo, according to our guesses of our co-owners-breeders”. Vakhrushevnyh nө. Ilyich, and, Ivanovich, and long before that. intendapokіө, professionals, kursi - oty officers ivv., hatred, къ. To the commissary lieutenant colonel, through the ѣ th corpse, they wish to send a child’s quarry, soon, opi, to condemn themselves. Being a military officer, he again asked me to enter the protocol. Your statement that, Vaz personally, nobody said that you had pressed a bribe, and if you yourself had made such a booby thing from someone else, him for slander. I very much forgive Baos for that, and write down the tap 8. Then the military officer asked me if you wouldn’t refuse, really, to accept the oath and confirm the words at the% prioyat. Take the oath, said. I do not refuse and ex. I can’t say anything else by oath, but as I showed, I’ll tell you the last oath. The military, the investigator is all, this is stated in the protocol. I read it and I signed, and he said, you are free. probably, m ,rөv. Zo ~ 40 day. such revision will call. Vas, St. Petersburg for more information, interrogations, and for you the duplication of the final protocol of the follow-up and the conclusion of the Senate revision. Saying goodbye to me from the rule; train station and first time udyar udarpvѣdesy882LVVVB in Vyatka. As it turned out, while the military investigator was making equal servicing in Vyatka and at our factory in our village, at the same time the second military investigator, two members of the Senate songwriters, produced the same kind of entertainment in alloterburg, according to the whole bank, the bank is in the joint in the treasuries,•.x",•."_______1598_______.ewhatabout the financial position of Lieutenant Colonel N. Khudozhilov. At the end of the year, having doubled the general loan, Pa Hөvsevov, Prospect, was about a couple. current ochөtѣ on Itsya Yakov Nikolaevich Khudozhilov, the existing one has already reached the limit. The first time on this night meant large sumy, they quieted down and often didn’t count for the last few years, at a time when they were 2-3 years old Onl Vyatka this tickling * Qln was donated 4000 rubles, and it cost a thousand rubles - two or three of this: the amount was doubled completely from the beam. The military investigator entered the protocol and called out the regiments - Nika Khudozhilov to explain where this amount came from - all of a sudden there was a lack of money in his current account. ”Colonel Khudozhilov 5. explained that he had divided the property. , sister, I’ve gotten the flow of money and liquidated the property and paid the following: due shares to my brother, and leaving Vyatka "I asked her to put my share on my current fourth, which she sent and shared a lot of this ° c. Vyatka, who, in turn, from ѣ * Vyatki sent al cheki tѣzyѣ * to persons, to whom? I owe him a debt, and the whole amount went to him "creditor. The military investigator" wrote down the protocols, and, satisfied with this, no questions were asked. Khudonilov I wasn’t asked p'ni "once he’ve had it kѣ sәbѣs-not heeded ... *:- The Tsakonets’s got a “turnaround to appear at the capitol of the Senate, rvikhid, to the military commander, all the Petersburger offered to me,” I asked two times or if you didn’t ask me to read another protocol; vvonі "showing * and at the same time reading and concluding, in which it was said that" constituted a crime and bribe-taking_______1599_______welt.. . .at.notnot detected. However fIrmoy trading house. F.T. Vakhrusheva sons, because of the loss of money, which is only monetary value, the supply is secured only by the governor’s% q government and the treasury will lose a percentage of the money back, which the company had to provide Intentional pledged. When the military investigator returned, I declared to him that I could not agree and both concluded your silence, that’s why I will be driven out of my head because the company didn’t have a great wind when it brought together a whirlwind of certificates from the governor. the reason that the company actually produced at its factory a sole and soft sapox New goods, which were put under this contract, but it turned out that, for the first time, the sole worked out on our water supply, went out of the product $ factories what was quite naturally, taking into account that the factory was only the first year and, in the form of experience, I could see the soles of ABB so the quartermasters themselves insisted and demanded the best soles from us for all contracts, i.e.Petersburg plants, and it is not at our desire to cancel the removal of the sole of our product and forfeiting it in steel, and they submitted a contract to Irkutskot On the Petersburg sole, No damage to the execution was done to the official.If we, together with the governor's certificate, provided you with a bank guarantee or percentage of bills, then, according to the law on the center for such a mortgage, you will receive the treasury and the supplier. Thus and in this case, the treasury will not gain anything from this and will not lose anything..from.+four.І.-,..Kr...._______1600_______ "The military investigator pledged his shoulder and said, of course, you’re going to additionally enter into the protocol that you think you shouldn’t care less, but it doesn’t matter much. I have all insisted and have written: the protocol has been completed with your own hand.Iv repatriate rovizai was handed over to the Main Mint and the Office of the Conclusion of the Conclusion that the offense was not about ab couple. You call? 5 only a little out of the way for Y. N. Khudokhtilov’s account to be left 4. q it was proved that the bribe received was negligible, the damages did not materially suffer for anybody, she only lost interest on the Collateral ”, which violated the bribe of the deputy’s blind money by the governor’s testament Stvom. After $ a few days, it became known that the Chief In was a tender, about which, after signing the Senate revision, including Razocharov. Based on the information from the commander’s quartermaster, but the officers, he hoped that he would give up the undercoat of Hood from the kilov and factory owners, Vakhrushevikh and began to worry about what to do next. During this time, I again asked a member of Go Court : Starodumov to go to the main ntendant and find out the polo :: enіe dѣla.After a few days, the village of Starodunov visited Glavnago Ivtendant told many that the general did not lie, that there was no levy. Turned out to be a letorburgokok bank 4000 rubles. for the officer, the slip is up to a dubious amount, where did he keep it before, didn’t he wear a stocking, Danny Ih, I’m carrying the explanation / legal to the follower, of course, I satisfied the investigator, but I personally have a hunch that it’s not right, because I didn’t , it’s impossible to do anything, under no courtbut2d_______1601_______overall":..nor a breeder, I can’t, as many as would have been for example to others. But I’m odlau), probably, something that is in my power, i.e. I’m going to receive the necessary service, and I’ll try to terminate the contract with the breeder. I will take measures for the preparation of the corresponding report to the Military Council ѣ 0%. . . . . . . . . . .Before the last day before departure. Petersburgѣ, I’m talking to “Pavlon әdorovich”, which is nitrogen times, it may be found out, If the Senate’s ’revision was presented to the Chief. The Quartermaster is not favorable to us, the head of the Quartermaster will make a military report on termination of the contract, and we advise you to file a civil defense lawyer with a charge of 0 p. and many recommended a good lawyer, but as if it was very expensive, for, this business would take 2 or 3 to - ten thousand. rubles and it’s as if it will be able to defend the contract. What do you think, is it worth it to risk such an amount or to withdraw from the contract. In the last day, on occasion, our company will remain stained and not washed and will remain at% som yang, our enemies will Buttons enthusiastically. Pavel Fedorovich said many things, it’s necessary to take all the time with Nothing, not regretting the girl’s, at least fifty thousand coming at a low cost, before that we don’t stop, because you have friends in the State Duma and you’ve been able to use the State prelah opportunities.. When I found out throughѣ a member of State%. DUin N.D. Stdlunova that the report to the Military Council on termination of nin is already being shouted. Kotraka, I’ve gone% "by my son" Vikentі өмъ Finland Finland ad hell, according to themvshөmusya - at my address. Having recognized this, I explained the matter. We agreed on the terms and conditions and he said that. carefully held._______1602_______:one.ha forone ..The path, the general conditions, the law and will try 68 to compile in the military together with the Report of the Honor - the Intendant, asie, 'namely, he contributes to the termination of the contract. In “changes”, he added “very much” to the good I can easily find out all this: Browse through many reports and bring all the documents you have with you on this subject. Toku said that I still had no documents for this matter, I said that the review is “good 15 -” the quality of our consensus from the Khabarovsk Governor Gulral and written courage so huh. about the good qualities' of our liabilities and 8% of the Irkuchk District Oktep danov, for the support of the general himself, the district Quartermaster, Attorney asked to bring all this and. We are all of this: attach a protest to our founding. That aavdөmъѣѣѣөobrazob off, do not spoil the maslrm porridge .... .... Hakimѣ: “so we had to send a lawyer 3 or 4 times. From the station to his house, we had to ride a verat four orC.} clock five. Odie nѣ -razѣ valuchshoody prosidѣli u'advokata or five - ten E - nutѣ "nih leash while fucked-secretary typed on paper for my dpisi Pokontiv dѣlo and zapisav: all, John came out ot it iz lady vzya - whether izvoschika fee for the yard so that he would only send me to leave the train • St. Petersburg, he took up 8% of the guarantee and drove his horse "to war, but we did send the horse out of the way, but we emptied the trainer for a fee and agreed. station, open platform, cottages for gardening with summer cottage. hell of a night, oyayalu oyu oduy October october evening, and many of them both were in the little campsites without a coat and very vegetated. . It’s implanted that on this day, there’s no reason to live far away on the dates of Dmitriy Ivanovich.teeTІ•_______1603_______AltGbilippovѣ, in verst or two with a dance, not far away, one day but I invited me and gave me my address, I searched for your wallet and found his business card, I indicated that his address was given, Ef asked the page how to get there and 'cat yes' is coming * in b rіteterburg, train. It turned out that after three hours to go through the next train, and how to go: ““ Filippov’s to the cottage, he ѣ indicated ѣ we’ll be through a large 0 - O - a road on which you can easily meet the coachman. From there you can leave the station 100 or 150 ezvodika, hired him and went to the country house to Filippov. There, “nas - was received cordially, while samovr and tea were prepared. Вінтій -идаѣдъ in the dining room with his wife and the house - D. I. Filippova, we are both Diya. Willow Filipov "and I, whether it’s in his" office "In all :) that I’m all" droyau from the cold; he’ll bring. a bottle of cognac and persuading Val to drink me. He refused, saying that - I never drink cognac, but he curtailed that the cold can be curbed, cognac. Only brandy or rum can be cured, otherwise tomorrow you can get out of my way, I thought it’s thoroughly thorough and we drank three rocky cognac and then the hostess invited us to drink in the dining room. tea. The bonds of Mih are poorly handled by tongues, and all eyes are fixed on. - on us, that "cs • In my case, give vѣ tөchenі" five minutes spent in the • cabinetѣ. It turned out that we were both so drunk that we couldn’t talk. Punch and uhilipovs for about three hours and slightly acidic, I “take off loya” and the Filipovs provided us with my coats, which you sent back to the appointed hour, we they left for zhodstantsiya, 4-8at to St. Petersburg ... Yv.Filipov and his family were so tactful that they didn’t ask 'why do we need to know: we knew Finland.gfour:one-Fi.ontoatt._______1604_______Іwhat about this dance, where the colonel’s stomach. Akimov, and thought that Vly was right: aphids to him, but he didn’t ask anything and I also didn’t say that he was famous to the famous lawyer. Finally, our objection was written and dropped by appointment, and the lawyer said that this would be heard in the military council not early in November: you will be able to quietly leave home, and I will keep an eye on him, he said much before Bavil, I have already explained to the horse that it’s all about military affairs. I’ve got all the details of x5 and I hope that the lawyer • of the military commander - this will give the conclusion: I’m good. will say that there are none. legal basis to:: termination of the contract, part of the criminal laziness, finally%, Kaz-to-it suffered any damage. We left home and BE at that time - we had a wedding. Wikentia s. Alexandra Eve. Brovtsyna, and then, in the second half of November I was Apollinarieva Alekseevna. left Petersburg, so. consult with a lawyer before considering -R. нія дѣ да в Срвѣтѣ, lo: пріѣздѣ въ Peterburg I attended a lawyer and he reassured the doctor that everything was fine TE: well.Intent Danti presented a very poorly substantiated report% and completely for children: ed, them. I’m galosh .. Be calm, he said, everything will be pme - but in your favor, amrazsmotrnіv dѣla vѣ. military council is November 30.On November 29, tenders were announced in St. Petersburg okram - Nom Sret and the bid. I brought all the documents with me. I prepared to bid at the bid - so and take a small amount of soft goods for delivery: I will vomit. FROM 01/27 to 8 began to appear and 8% Vyatka other breeders, One morning. -MNke.four. _______1605_______ - I’m having to sit in my room for “tea”, how to go in. Pavel Fedorovich%. Uncovered. I asked him what happened “at home or simply, you went to bid - look, He put 2 yes, to bid, but by the way to find out what position our Irku has such a contract for and whether it’s impossible to save me a lawyer7 that our cause will be heard by a prisoner of war on the 30th and resolution ux is ready for our benefit, but in order to meet with a lawyer, well, to go to Finland. and, secondly, I must first ask him to can he at TAKE: both of us "and the way to appoint for this day and child. On the next day. there was such a reply: v. Shin, the companion who imposed. I didn’t see the leather, I didn’t see him and I don’t want to lead any results. I will inform you. Wa5 thirty kochchaln. showed Pavel әө this letter. , you can’t do anything, it’ll be like that 729. We went to the Okrug District, 8 us in the • Vyatka group, the factory owners all had already been negotiated in advance, I also - prepared the package, signed and also PavlodFed. together with the tolls he looked like I and others filed. floppy. After - bidding. Brus nity and Koshurnikov 4 invited me to pose for a restaurant ѣ dadvѣdѣ, and also invited two ѣ :: I called the Laptevs to “Koshurnikov’ ”and said that it’s not convenient for one to go to you and I’ll invite Uncle Pavel Fөd, for breakfast 6 we’re a big kamnapivf everyday life and, according to the established: custom, fold II - well, that is, everybody swallows an ovoy part. it’s necessary to invite him, now I’ll tell him myself and he was invited. During breakfast, no one asked about ours. Irkutsk ѣ kovract ѣ and no one ner, gave a look.Eone“..l..::_______1606_______ - that everyone is interested in the finished struggle of General Shuvaev and his house. F, HRVakhrusheva sons.Mr. IvKoshuritkov, having chosen a convenient moment, asked me in the ear how the situation was in the military Sovt, when I decided. quietly unscrewed what was being considered tomorrow, but the resolution was already ready, resolved to give you a half of the birth of St. Koshurnikov, God forbid, that’s a good slap on the Chief Quartermaster and his beloved gene ralu Zavadsky, who were unclear to them and digging a hole for others; Rhodia fell into it. We didn’t have such a tooth, I turned out to be toothy, we hung out, we 3 Alskandrom N. Brusnitsyn very much approved your actions when you found out that you had taken a famous Finnish lawyer and were convinced that this one would be able to defend you.and the next day, .. ө, on November 30th, all Vyatka breeders began to gather to donate Zhiavel Fed, too, and say if the military lawyer had received a loan from the military, so I had to take into account the following: an urgent one, submitted to the Warsaw railway station at 4 aces days, approximately the following contents: father and son left Warsaw, two days later, to ask you to wait, Military Council, your benefit Irkutsk contract will not be signed .. I showed рамgram to Pavel Fed. Having read the ovrө baptized and said: Thank God, but I will go home, and you stay, let the doge come and do it = pour the calculations with him. . . . . Come home ft. Fed. all told me that in vain ѣ8 he gave, the lawyer didn’t want to see Dakha, and even almost all the breeders didn’t talk to me, they all agreed on Pete -.-..R_______ 1607_______ . rum, and I only had to walk in the back in the afternoon and, in my years, in order to walk like a boy, in praise of others, I don’t allow ambitions and, under these conditions, I never let out, let the young do it, enough for us, we have already worked enough before.“On the way out I fed Fedo in two days I went to the Main” The commandant’s office, ѣ I called out the head of the department, as if not knowing anything, I ask him if I can give me a certificate, which 5 half our long-term Irkutsk office. Will it be possible to creep through өs өgo. In view of the fact that the rest of our contracts have been sooty, the factory will have to stop and alsol lava. . . not going to be. .. “'"The head of the department turned out, yes, we had them from the manager in the meeting that the work on the procurement of contracts was completed and he was inaөt decrees that dѣlaғѣ. But the chief Quartermaster of the day, I had not yet imposed a role on his request, I expected. the decisions of the Military Council that took place in your favor are long-term; the contract will not be terminated, but nevertheless the Military Council believes that it would be better to tell you that it would be desirable for your plant to at least partially adapt to the view of the sole, but we write about this a lot. It’s official for you, I rejected him, we are already adapting, I even sent my son to Garmoniya to an external professional school to learn new things and ask if I received a request for further information. Chief Quartermaster. The Head of Departure objected to this issue or through the manager and technician, through General Zavadskago and then again return to kө0% pa -from.g,,,::::::“..one .. . ..ONONOxenie I hadharo Vareglaho Ben TextiVeckaro KUMTTOTO ...+ -1608 ...I’m going to recover right now, whether a resolution has been imposed on Vashel. factoryѣ... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . one ... .. ... .. . . ... and if not, then I will go to the Chief Quartermaster and ask him what do you want?fouroneyeroy (4.: K! ..: hands on to: 8 4 1 .... .. .... ... 2 Inscriptions on the revolution:to disengage, to hear through five that is not the chief to send back - to eat paper in hand, on which the revolution is written: to letter: to continue marking and building boots according to Irkutakod to a long anon to the contract, about the purchase of the sole: signed, signedөв, BossI read it. This is what I did.4 . . . . . . . . . . . . . .there will be no day. thanked the races -.kla naloya and left, andfourtack. With a lawyer, darn income. . . . . . . . . . . . . . {"i.:::: {"? (t. - ....yeah gee in front of you, while the nextfour:"-g.,;.uDr pey.-BUT-on the basis of the Irkutsk contract, the late arrival of the factory from the company of Lieutenant Colonel Khudozh fishing, the temporary premiere at our factory was entrusted from the rest of the factory owners, who were located in our country - they were sent to the profile of the factories and some of the group of officers! who made a denunciation to Lieutenant Colonel Khudozhilov. It was prescribed for the rest of the contract, except for Irkutokago, a long-termproduce goods in turn or at the same time - but at our factory and without interrupting the price of the rest of the factory, distributing work at our discretion, while at the factory Tor. Until F.T. Vakhrushev's sons, the new quartermaster ppiens - a cycle, instead of Lieutenant Colonel Khudozhilovo, would not be added. Osovshіsya kuroitva officers could not finally refuse to work in our department, but, according to -from(Vidimon None ofPVC, НӨ Helala 28 pasBeor simply, if you wanted to produce pressure on our company, you started by arranging -It’s not negative the Italian strike:factory ", throw in the indicated number of hours, without hurrying to re-watch"_______1609_______3.“I’m going to stop at the factory, go to the factory, go around the factory for one hour, go in; wait one room for 10-20 minutes; go to breakfast and so on, but it’s not moving, the shoe factory "half-reduced the work. We have a neat manager to" conduct "the journalist according to the ... system, indicated by Lieutenant Colonel Khudozhilov. I" wire every month, the Chief Quartermaster. Management that works for the factoryrikѣ is abbreviated, and aѣtѣ is a view of his and branded goods. Prie - your room is full of goods presented to "inspection, prі өmіshchіkh nөArrive, inspect and the factory can stop it completely. oylog and 82 of that product, for others. • soft and hard ayapoyavy contracts for sending to other: uniforms were prescribed from lava nago. The commandership to make a cheating is the same as the officers of other factories, as in other factories. chop the supply ѣ: it was small and there was a ѣ factory ’on each individual supplier Notice that there wasn’t enough work for them; then the ir- - so-called Danatvo ordered that our factory ѣ Headquarters. Captain A. Shavrinov factory-controlled shoes, and everything else was ahead, the rest of the landlords took over. Apparently, sha bo kapi - tan was not devoted to the matter. It was given by other students that the Italian strikes had overwhelmed the burdens of it. They energetically went to work. full speed, you launching өnөdne - out of 1000 pairs of boots and Shavrinov daily took it and otitis - ruledѣ, Vaya his work was noted daily by our office according to the course-_______1610_______. . . .Nalu and Odatchikel N.I. Lagunov with different lights: workers: udos - Rovryalirbota Shavrilova as: and others »өmschikov .. with her signature But the headquarters captain Shavrinov3. bn and 85 g of young people prіemshchikovѣ and not enough. experienced. Vd dѣlѣ, and apparently a lot of good wishes for a quick huffed up dred% - to the authorities and to show some kind of difference, өnѣ. I came to his mind many times to take to the factory and to the factory, and the cathode dose of the thermometers. Onyu - the telephonist drew into our turn - the clerk Kolbip: to buy and drink 10 tons; at the expense of the plant. The clerk asked me whether to buy, I said не not to buy yet, I’ll talk to an officerѣ and then sklut. An hour or two passed, and so on. ОваNova tөlөfa Nirovat5 - Kolbin: bought thermometers and sat to send them, because so far they haven’t delivered them yet. at the plant, Kolbinѣ take away that the owners ordered to wait and buy and want to talk to you, talk to them, find out what exactly they are for and then generalize the building to order - me, pcs. Cap Shavri again hung up the telephone, urges us to hand over our clerk and is required to "immediately give him a pair of master horses, I, now, he says, he will go to Vitka himself. for: a thermometer - to grow and add to the Chief Infanda Patu, which is a factory manager. to slow down 1 user, when the production process is due, it must be able to do so at any time. the temperature is generated by the code, I need thermometers, and the breeder cancels the 15th order ... And Lagunov comes to me and tells me, inspiring him. l. I’ve said a little bit and I say, yes, he’s in Petersburg ay e. 3., with a fiction on smkht to stick “d they’ll call it not normal .. But here the thermometers should not cost more than 10 rubles. rub. , yes, travel half a day, to the “factory” - it will be reduced, and ego if you don’t have, we’ll lose 200-300 rubles, Call: from:.. ....:.6:xtra_______1611_______EҒ.,-gі!.-rplІHOORAY.ATby telephone, V. Vyatka Kolbin, I will give him an order to buy Lagunov ”from my apartment — I called Vyatka Kolbin by telephone and I said, Utah: now telephon to our factory. and say ј that the owner has decided to buy thermometers. I boughtѣ and got eaten from optutchikov and cha — they'll go to the factory for two in a whileѣ, and when you talk, immediately go to Suntsov’s shopѣ buy ig, Come out eat, ҡѣ eat: sometime right now - to Lagunov, I- said, let him reassure him, raise ... where ho. throw teriometers, and admire them, chѣdѣ, would. Di tya not t: It would just not cry. Lagunov. come to .. office. The plant and, "see the headquarters of the Kapi Fani Shavrinovѣ- talking - Art. Vyatka on the phone: satisfied., Сія10 - щі й. Tovsiv tube, see M.I. Lagunov, run up to him and say: run fast and refuse horses, I don’t. In% Vyatka, thermometers are already “clearly visible. Indeed, ki, in the evening brought IQ thermometers., Before they were given, they were in the hands of an officer. Chavry is new. She immediately went to the factory and personally distributes it at once, separated and daily, three times went around and inspected all the thermometers, recording at the same time their display. After a week or two, he began to shorten to I page the day, these, notes, and then completely stopped. However, apparently he needed to .., Where, dvalt, he submitted his notes. Whether they are in, techni il, a committee, chief of the Intendanism, this does not, of course, I believe that. Someone from their co-workers would have disbelieved him, but over .. Neither in Deturt bupr will be smiled for such a stupid and no-brainer for p10. .. ... Zҙ.mѣtiv in the archive подп, Lieutenant Colonel Khudozhilov od Well, a couple of sapoys issued at our factory and crucified on the soles, even with Kl съv. home of the owner of the Kali company Shavrinov asked me that it means pѣ, with what purpose the sole was sawn, very well accepted cartora and: -tg..І.M. :**and:Eh..:._______1612_______...*absolutely - I have a pledge, I have 6 or * 6 = I В2 rubles. I explained that the general condition - of the quarterly supply - implies that I am in charge of ј83 somai casesѣ !! - provided. the right to cut, or to break up; • having accepted things, but calling them as soon as possible, but not more than one percent of the total number, t; 0, not more than one pair per “network or 3-5 pairs per thousand: Lieutenant colonel. Artists - fishing. I picked up a couple of boots worse, with a hole and a pontroail in appreciating, since I had to cut the solution, so that I could get to the factory. supremely initial, it was possible to show that this clause of the general conditions was simple. PC. Cap, Shavrinovѣ read the general conditions, said:%, it’s perfect, but I’ll cut it everyday, because it’s steam .. I’m deputy talії. that sv conditions. it is said, in case of doubt, you have the right to dissolve it, but you cannot have any doubt, you must have left the factory before yesterday, you see that the shrimps are taken from you goods and ”under your own observation өмө, as well as you can doubt and for what purpose you will cut and spoil for - the trouble. If you wantә. To do this for the sake of view, then occasionally cut "a couple, another, and. I will not allow many times to cut every day. I’m uhhalPetersurg came in and returned after three weeks to find out that Officer Chavri had cut on the soles and on all of the legs and cut off about • a pair. WTO and expanded, all the rooms in accordance with Art. Nam, I thought that he had come down with something or why, and why no one had stopped him. Lagu -. Nov said, I stopped him, but they did not listen to me. Then I reported: Paul, Fed. but heѣѣѣve rejected many, өө, I want to get in touch with su mashudshim, and then again to see some kind - a denunciation and ordered to leave before yours, forth. . . . . . . . . . . . .g._______1613_______ - "" In the morning I come to the main room, I was given a gracious gift "I sent with a shchikom piece of Nap naavrinovym and asked the workers and with the sensor to leave the room and staying with ѣ Lit Kap, Shavri new together, completely calm? But, note the tone is good I told him that all the things that you scattered, sent “out of Valeia’s acceptance” of the same product, you are now torn apart and ruined without our consent and without any motive. This is caused by uplift, but it was because of you that I found salt, because I find yours days of TV is not legal and brought Kazakhs to the bulls) up to 600 rubles. I’ll shut it down and send it to St. Petersburg, in the eye - technical comakhetla with ibis протест protest ѣ based on the law and general conditions. You heh - I ask you to be present at the time of packing to seal the bill of the amount - extra "fills and put your stamp on the boxes on each of them ; or seals and they will be sent on behalf of the general name Petersburg, and by registered letter I will protest: 'n' statement so that the code will be filled in; at the expense of “the guilty one, the cost is quiet, the loan has been spoiled. I will transfer the protest to me ѣ I’m transferring the list to you as required by law, and you, in turn, are probable, send an explanation to the technical committee, about a separate cache”. Въ чөмъ that caused you doubt. "Fie; tim.Kip, Navryanov Rodobrilѣ. but added, vѣdѣ You yourself did not protest; When you had sub-regiments, nick Khudozhilov "burst open and even told me that he’s eaten your disagreement or consent. Dd '; I showed that I agreed, but I didn’t give you any doubt, but only cut into doubtful ones . in cases of 3.2-3 "guys, and if it’s more, then I don’t like boo Hu: you protested, all right, and you thought that you would declare and for every PR you torn, you have an understanding that it turned out to bet:one.detone.Tre. "!m!.І:.Ya kone.+,t!_______1614_______. -. doubtful. In any case, neither you nor I are nothing. If you don’t risk it, since these are cut-off ones that seem really doubtful, it’s clear that the treasury didn’t take you away, but which were torn apart without causing any doubt, then it’s clear that it’s very reasonable to reimburse them. SCAR. Shavri new thought and said, wait until the evening, do not send, I will advise you to eat with your wife and leave. seb on - quarter. After an hour, comesѣ. his wife, to my apartment, cried my mun [to say that he had “given, he would completely ruin him, and to expel him from service. Please do not send the broken sa - pogy in. Petersburg, I’ve gotten it. all, their own, earrings and bracelets, here. rubles for three hundred or 400 rubles, and we will pay the rest to you. rubles, for 25-50, a month, just filed an iota, don’t bring it to St. Petersburg and don’t complain to anyone, I listened to her and asked me to calm down, to cry, and calmly discuss and dissuade some of them. When she calmed down, I said , Alexander. . Vazikha loyit, Vesh spouse., A very energetic man, but too young and not optic and too self-assuredly did well .. Val .. ol + would have been encouraged by the boxer to talk to you at all, with experienced lods. When they decided to buy urgently thermometers and hang them up, hell then surprised, it was two tuki-naive actions, but it cost only 10 rubles., and I silent and without, objected to it .. But when - yes, I decided to tear boots daily, then I warned him that 2-3 guys I do not interfere with cutting, but I will not allow it anymore, and I will and the person who comes to give you an explanation, maybe pay for their cost. Apparently, he didn’t turn to my words and now you ask me not to send a proteor and you are ready to give 8a-vai,one-... "_______1615_______gP,to condense, but how does Adxander Mikhailovich himself look at it and how? he will continue to blunt whether he will cut or if Avto rinova averted it, my fly has already admitted that he did wrong with thermometers and with lights. he sent me to you with pdaoken - to pay everything with our things and then pay the bills to pay the monthly salary, but only ask, I don’t spare anyone. He will not open any more boots. Then I objected to gnawing all the boots in his presence in the Boxes, we all had to store in the basement, so that the workers didn’t know what was going to end, provided that in the future I wouldn’t open my consent anymore..Corrupted boots we will not send to St. Petersburg, but, in the meantime, 200 will be forgotten. You take your things back, we don’t need him, and then we’ll see, maybe everything will go fine, good and I will not be able to make a good friend on friend. Shavrinov was not angry and unsophisticated, he did not engage in intrigues, but, apparently, was too short-sighted or simply stupid, if I may say so, because, even in the little things, he didn’t very often show 3 clear views. ” So, when he was prі сkhalѣ kam nam in the village prі - өmshchikom at our factory, he was provided with an apartment furnished / contracted with. By intendance, factory owners were obligated to deliver furniture to the factory near the factory from where they were located, not less than two or three rooms and free of charge, i.e. due to the factory. Previously, a lieutenant colonel lived in this apartment. Khudozhilov, she eoo - got out of two huge rooms and a third, a small office, a living room, a kitchen and everything else are needed. The apartment was decently furnished, but without luxury, I asked Shavrinov how to be an officer.* N.in. ~~ - ~.._______1616_______ - You have found an apartment, is it too big for you, for your large family? Shavri called back, cleaned up, the apartment was completely suitable, but there wasn’t enough office for my Anyuti / wife /, sometimes I have to write or sew something, so she has to share 6 working bedrooms. I think I need to ask the breeder to revise double bedroom. Comrade officer ө zәk tilѣ, who doesn’t advise you to request this, the renter is entitled to an apartment with less than two rooms, and you are given three rooms. then somebody can inform the bosses and this matter can be interpreted by the bosses as the “illegal agreement of the driver for the driver." ө в in the bedroom ѣ or in my office оказывается / it turns out ө Petersburg ѣ they went to the fifth floor, in one room they cooked themselves with 0% alcohol / .ler®ap, Shavrinov sometimes liked to languish in the room - a little bit and, after drinking, started talking too frankly. Once I parted, he asked me to go to Vyatka with me, I wanted to go to the bank, and he needed something to do with him. I needed Vyatka Laptevsky 3 officers and I had agreed that after the meeting. , between 3 and 4 hours, I’ll wait for him in my Vyatka apartment, so that. Drive backwards. Carefully, at three o'clock he appeared and I noticed that “for about% - he’ve beaten a little bit at home.” You immediately set off on your way home and dear Sht.Kap. Pa grinov began to frankly say that vihm muhdu had a lot of friends and had a friendly secret conversationѣ and everyone was wondering how it was before the denat revision,_______1617_______ . .Eone...The breeders would take bribes, as the breeders were reluctant to offer them, I would say that I really would like the breeder to offer me a lot and I would take it, but at the same time I would forward the package to the Chief Quartermaster with a report that they would like to buy for me, then yes I tempted him: if you don’t offer the breeder, you shouldn’t offer you until you yourself ask, but, explain for some reason, you started such conversations, the call was made to Lakhtivskie customers already offered. Their sons ’breeders or they wanted to know if there was any suggestion to you: Sure, how to get the bodies of Lieutenant Colonel Khudozhi tovara ... It may be that they are. through Vas, they wished to make sure whether d% іs were given bribes in our factory: factory or not. Comrade Shakri novytil, nt. Y. Golovoy vouch that all our courses, you will not be taken, we will not take one, none of them. and Poltvi and x also did not offer and do not dare, offer. But onito of them does not doubt, they know that I am nothing. hide without being intentionally loudly expressed that he would send. when reporting Main Quartermaster, I objected to Foot, do not worry either you, they, 5 They will not have to send, for the reason that no one is you. offer Zh11t, yes, and for what to offer. You never had to: you were asked not to accept the condition of the goods, and you yourself would not have accepted the boots. : CE holes. or with cardboard frasoles, which you didn’t see at the factory, anyway. dZ-barks legally; but you shouldn’t find fault with anything, you willn’t extort, so that we, on both sides, stand strictly on legitimate ground and enter into any kind of illegal disclosure to us that we don’t need. If, however, there is clearly a disagreement, there is a legal way for you to file a “protest” technical committee in order to declare that the Chitenda Administration7R.D.+oneinECAT-:st. Boo..one_______1618_______ ..where to disassemble everything impartially and indicate who is right and who is new 2 I already had you already, when you cut out about Ste, we’ve got a pair of boots and we wanted to sendwatching. Technical Committee: Have you phrased your comrades to officers? this case. Shavrinov said, “God forbid, of course, I didn’t say,” and you gave me the word to not tell anyone else. orth, in this case. Yes, I said, indeed - we gave the floor and I didn’t tell anyone. But, when you had a secret conversation, the conversation was tactful. they would have asked them what they would have done like a case. ”Talking to us continued; another half an hour or more was left,My companion began to pass, and he was already talking less, and the days began to fall apart. But then suddenly I broke the silence, I’m sorry and you’re right to say it, it’s possible that Lapti and the prime ministers agreed to many and would like to extort whether you were giving me bribes or through me to find out if you had given bribes to the foregoing, to me landlords. But, although I was a little drunk, I didn’t talk too much and averted the answer, so that they for the second time opened up and renewed my conversation on this subject. .- By the way, they will talk about such a nominee, the case of Ethi gilavri - a new one that happened at the beginning of the war in 1914, “On our village 9, daughter Valenti staged a charity performance of employees. To buy a present about the dates of a mobilized soldier who was being torn into the war .. After the performance, the luturl was arranged by that: a doll was played out, which was secretly assigned and I wanted to win a 50-share ticket, to buy a lot, buy a lot. senior_______1619_______To us, and to whom we will get a ticket to eat dolls, Tot and VTigri - this doll. Thus, this lottery for a doll gave a profit of about fifty rubles, and a doll that was bought wasn’t more expensive than three rubles. Are all of them present for the performance with no talk? They gave a raffle to the doll and, of course, each child didn’t do anything, what about the doll will go to him. At the end of the tee lottery. cap Shavrinov Dmitried. Ilyich. Vakhrushev bought up all the remaining tickets, paying at bl_d - exactly five rubles. They poured out all the tickets, in spite of them, began to look at them and it turned out that the name written in the doll was not that the name was on God’s name at Shavrinov. Hand the doll over to him - if it’s ecstatic, he declared that he was lucky because she would play for happiness with her little toy I’m not good if I won the doll, then I’ll give it to her niece Peter Burg as a present, Hugging the doll and clutching her breasts, Shavri walked around the hall all the time, showing and showing the doll and repeating that he would not give this doll to anyone, but would send it to his niece. Shezhd tѣ ivslѣdѣ went on him little girls with eyes full of tears, 8 daughter of the police officer Nikolai Dymenovich Zubarev, 6–7 years old, weeping; and laments: a great officer, walking embracing with a doll, as he is not ashamed, he gave better than many. Then the ladies come up to ulavri novu and. ask to give a doll a crying girl, tomorrow Valentina Petrovna to dance the same second doll for your niece, and today IN ut ut this guest girl. However, I, cap “Shavrinov otkah Vul by hand, nt, won the chago for the happiness of a niece you can’t give and I don’t want to frost, let her cry. Then our Valya came up to - to the izvrachka and said, don’t cry, I had the second in Vyatka_______1620_______- the doll is even better than this one, let's go now to the phone and I’ll call the priest Chick Lolbin to send her the garden today, or directly to Slobodskoy tөbѣ. The little girl was delighted, the phone was crying and went to the phone. Valya picked up the phone without a call, "without calling anyone, she said: Kol bin got my best doll right away at Sloboda’s daughter: the police officer. , and the doll will be brought to Slobodskaya "tomorrow only, so take it from Vyatka to Slobodskaya through the EXTERNAL village, we will sit here and see and take the driver. The little girl began to expect the end of the evening, and the descendants and mustache were null. T.Kap. Maurice again took the doll home and on the next day by mail - he sent it to me. Petersburg "all nieces" seemed to be surprised and it was clear that the officer had the same naivete as putting her girls on duty.Despite such naivety or foresight, that is. Capturing work (impeccable and diligent. I never had any delay; I had no delays; I am a factory, but it wasn’t a chance to send all the work to lesson time at the factory, then he went to Grandfather in the morning or two before the other pirіekaschikov, that is, tonext to the workers’s classes, sometimes it took me 2 hours to do the job, like I had a job at school, I worked hard, and I worked hard until 6 or 7 a.m. Naturally, all his work was scheduled regularly every dayurnal raborp5.IIodavaknya nryu in the Chief Quartermaster of Telegram, even before - the first call to the factory, ltai, uavrinova, with preobnovіem acceleration prіnko inonly after three months did they get their message. Main Intendanam,OKPYH HALU instructed the Kazan Quartermaster to go to Vyatka and to attend a war._______1621_______E.•waters 85 Rltakov and Slobodskog uљadakhѣ, iO3 Taѣlyako, ie # 2 And 3-tendand boots and so on uniforms, examine all activities - Yentsikov, pay special attention to honor the call to the factory% etc.T: Vakhrusheva sons Yemlennye prei ғa of goods, which entail a weekly lny complaints in the Main Intendskov Management for delays performed diaphrate sv, Kazan okruh. Her commander, appeared. VE Vyatka, began to glance at Esѣ factories and, finally, prії.halk'zam ”, to the plant. Is he. he stopped at one of the przemitivov 18 he called me to come to his apartment, met me and asked me to show the district commissar general waking fadrik, backwaters fiuvoy Nuje kozhna - that tsklad treasury of three goods. During this time, i.e. for the last? -d - only three months, some of the directors changed, they were replaced by new ones, but most of them remained old. I went to Prie MIK's apartment and, leaving, uttered to file that one and two, harnessed for two long-crewed crews , in case okruy? The Quartermaster wanted to go to the factory, then to: ѣStѣ. e. with landlords and with a dream and I could all get on two wheels and get to the factory. Introducing the general okruk at the Quartermaster, I listened to his wishes: ive, first of all, to examine the factory and the factory, and then, put down a separate breech of the wind : said that I and my two crews had everything I had at my command standing here at the porch and, if he pleased, we could go now. The general, he had a coat and a uniform cap, and addressing the defenders, he said: dear gentlemen, the officers and all the poly tracks for Nee !. He® SEL is the first skyla, ”he showed a lot of people next to him, and the officers were glad: ѣ slept and all had enough for 4 people that eki - .. page. They all sat down, except for one young lieutenant, who had just arrived -onePone-- 21_______1622_______ -.......gg.factory at the factory ”. About him. He said, Your Excellency, I’m sorry, I won’t go, but I’ll get there, I always have to go to school. The General didn’t undo anything, we all quietly drove to the factory and the lieutenant came there five minutes later.:. Inspection of the factory and factory of the general general And you didn’t - said you were satisfied that you found the factory’s equipment very useful, but when they went to the warehouse and other state goods, they found a lot of them. a cut of the goods presented to us, part of which would have begun - to be inspected, but most of the Waybills had not yet begun to be inspected and lay on the queue completely untouched. general district. The intendant asked why you didn’t protest to V'E Technical Ko to protest, but saved up such rejected goods. I made sure that this product is “not yet viewed and rejected, and we have the right to protest B, technically i commissions only if the goods have been recognized for 11 hours and have not received money and if we do not agree imprisoned him and only then, surely, will deceive, we select the number of yanagra rejects and send it to the technical team, explained by both sides. ”For the time being, I do not have the right to send a single pair, until it’s announced. m. It’s announced that the merchandise has been removed, if it’s banned, or if it’s unfit, go back. Here is the position of Thomas and telegraphed to the Main Quartermaster Office and asked to expedite the receipt, to appoint more to eat: ikov. on two goals, far from the number that is now in the warehouse, standing on the floor, standing -vshchie tu, they were silent .._______1623_______,,four,,Am ht.RIGenerals are skry? The quartermasters said ѣin, I am very grateful to Ri Baѣ. for the many production and equipment and equipment that was shown, there was a whole lot of respect for the distant Vyatka province, such a solid equipment for shoe production. Now let me sip your hand and ask your kindness to give me the opportunity to talk with gentlemen to the officers. Өdi nѣ, in neutrality. at the apartments of family premischikov, I would not want our brazen people to say that they were poisonous and worried. Nѣtkla wherever we’ve been seven or eight days old, Chilovik, where we win, tiosovshchivaemsya the volume of our quartermaster’s business. I said that I would offer you a fresh quarter, and if you find it inconvenient, you don’t want to stay at the restaurant , ik kami there 3 of this small constant room,, lock the door on the hook, and all the workers let me go by half an hour earlier than the set time and then there will be only one entrusted with the sensor, Lyagov, which, if you you will need to give relevant information or call me if you need ete.There is no chance in the land of it and Lagunov nozetto leave.The general district quartermaster said, excellent, kizdz in small amounts on. advised to stand on his feet for half an hour, as there are so many cluttered goods, no chairs to put, and your rumors may be left in the big rooms, tidied up, and he will not let us in, we won’t be able to shut the door. I said goodbye and said, “I’ll leave your place before — I’ll come to the apartment, thank the Ras’s for honoring us, inspect our products, and give me your 18th hand, which banged and left the worker yu to give out even earlier.” • general entered a small company Nuy computer_______1624 _______andthat, all the officers led the way behind him and closed the door. Turning to my boss, he said, “What gentlemen, are you. Am I against the polo?” But to that which was expected to meet. Reo, I should inform the Chief Quartermaster about your descriptions of.fa3 - to mono to let them lie in a half-storehouse for half a year, and show that they didn’t show up or start asking, I wonder how the breeder did not protest until this time andOurposergea did not appeal your sөzdfіyotvі. In fact, telling cheer to us, for similarly denying justice, you should have blamed either P for extortion. Whatever you say in your acquittal, I’ll go ahead "I know that there is nothing to be scanned, which could justify you, and therefore, without sounding justified yak - I tegorically demand that. You immediately proposed a lot of such a plan of days that would present you with a political way out of this situation, immediately take it down to "review all the goods and everything that is suitable to immediately accept, but unfit to present the breeder the right to protest to the technical committee, for your explanation : Ai Tu o din diz of princes, began to make excuses. General, restrain JI: Өgo, deputy, saying that he didn’t ask for their excuses and didn’t express himself and he would try, then he’d be able to isolate them before. Head of the Intendant. There’s no reason to justify yourself, the breeder doesn’t accuse anyone of you; they just bombard. The main Oia is the tende on the smolder of managing arshin telograms. With a request to speed up the reception and, in relation to the right, he presented you, the goods for the contract period, he made a loan, you are obligated to accept the goods, the treasury should pay him money, and you will keep the lock for half a year , goods, depriving tѣm predriatie working capital. Съ itї19413.._______1625 _______the parties are right, you are to blame. Prove that the goods are not good, give them the right to protest, then in this case you would be right, you can’t reject it anyway, because most of the time you didn’t inspect: did all of the truckers were silent and then the general is around meIntentant say T%, I will help you get out of the breakdown that has created - nya; I will call the factory owner here and kindly offer it, take all the goods back to the factory to sort it out and that they will find 3 ways to replace it is compatible and daily, but ё mnoy waybill, I have to present it. You are not a fool all those charges against the number of e: re - Fluorescent and tot yaә dөn, revise or reject Sh Lend - lenіemch rights protest unto təz nichetskі їy Committee! I don’t see another way, and otherwise I will be forced to deprive the chief quartermaster of not your benefit. The officers provided, and if the factory-owner had a good time and without any sorting again, through. There are two days, the one to sit down - it’s toғar ... the general said, it’s better for you, that means he’s sure that the product is Good, and that you’ve taken it off, that you didn’t do it earlier, but let’s see what you’re viewing sv Товарzhіy Tovar, find at the end of the marriage, those marriage, Call the factory. dltsa, where there is 8 Ikht trusted. . 1, i, Lagunov was nearby all the time in a big way? koi natѣ, and its small skin: Nata was separated from the large wooden fence, but not reaching the ceiling on the floor arshin. , so all the time - speaking from a small room to a large one was heard Dagunov. When O heard that the general ordered to send him after the owner, HE immediately drove out of the large room quietly onto the porch, got it? I removed the memorial book from the crankcase and began to revise it. Odi and 85 officers opened the door, went out. great premier and shouted:from_______1626 _______E.-Lord II agunov. Nobody will answer: Til and he returns to the KE general and speaks with no one. The general said, look at the office or not, because the factory owner said that he would be here: if needed, it would be possible to call the factory warehouse through him. (Opening the door from the large room onto the porch, the officer saw lary -is new and asked what you were doing here, Vasya general called, agunov I answered that, taking advantage of my free time., two, I was on the porch and / according to the memorial book, I calculated for tomorrow the goods needed for the factory. for Lagunov’s district, the district Intendant said, to us and By: But it would be nice to talk to the factory owner, who shows you on:! Be so kind as to go to bliss and ask for my game or come soda for 5-10 minutesѣ. Lagunovѣ otvtil, now I3: "behind him on a horse, which, in this case, stand at the porch of HER with Bash's command" өзіи. T.I. Lagunov,% was hal for me briefly - I filled everything I heard, I sat down on the same horse in the gear, and after 5-10 ert chickens we were in the main room. General: 1. ntendant 1.0ati Pelveo, with a smile, speaks to me: we * here discussed all our business, by the way, we talked about your deed. I pos: Sotruk® your, t_redovara for 1000 GEL, and other prizes only, I'ulyakhіn and occasionally at Nika. 100-250 pairs.. First of all, to the rest of the landlords. I didn’t like that, that the candidate was satisfied officially. Ntskom magazine blah. - by the suitability of the young captain’s headquarters, but older: his captain was the first tavla - they were without any attention !!! So it was six months ago, and so on. cap Gavri nov - ІІI lives with factory owners and a dressing gown 10 to conduct ¢} all the work. This, too, was not the same, it was reported Glavnoglu. To the quartermaster, but since this coincided with the beginning of the Old War, the war in 1914 and the officers were nuuns, the Chief Quartermaster 5: limited himself and did not exclude J „Cap. Shavri nova 90 service, make him EZEgovor, 33 Vav әgo 37 Petersburg. and transfer it to the factories as a remitter, all 10 Bogorodsk, Alegorod province. After published. Zvoi әmu blah - good fortune Navrinov. oliy gave the first opportunity 35 chi ni, as if suddenly received._______1627_______those. that they are sent by the sorting tower to the pickup Ръ, I hope not a large amount, then Bal again together, send me a technical fee of 1 £ tel. "Бет Тетәрбургъ.) Said that he was ready to fulfill what your Excellency is proposing, but how will you eat on ice, fixed that we have entered the specified contractual terms," ​​the goods were presented in a timely manner, but now, if we make its ivypie :: N - and again the lotus will be entered as Svezhy th tovta rtog davd min min not less than nm to present invoices back nd n a number and on nas bu - to put on forfeits Former Intendant said, yes, it could besuch a misunderstanding, thank you, that you have worn, but now I explain to the young ones, it’s possible that they don’t know for that. Zalkyk, addressing to both the employer and the public: a hundred ko "many", the general said that returning the goods to the seller is not like a matter of fact, but the re-sorting, the old invoice funded from the promissory books, doesn’t destroy the bill, but the bill first offer, from: the return, which is returned to the re-sorting “to the second supplier. The second supplier shall be taken under the list, and after ~ re-sorting, the new invoice should be taken, and the same old and old invoice should be presented again to the second invoice: 1 at least one year . about the delay from the initial presentation, the invoice remains V'B all the time and the time for executing the contract is the date when the first invoice and note is submitted to the borrower. You can see the next number in the next book. the delay is over and I hope that you can: it’s blowing my love and it’s as if you’re taking the product to the rearrangement.,I repelled that with gratitude I would give advice. Your his_______1628_______Presidential Administration, General said, well, thank God, and let’s go, we’ll go home and say goodbye. I will bring him to the apartment of the radio operator and, at the same time, will give the notebook a copy, I’m telling you the work of the interns, ol ravdanie that I did not worry in vain. The main Quartermaster is the bombard by telegramming, I give you a copy of the work in our company, it’s new at the favor. “some” 2; - they were in the belief that they would still have to dissuade together. , in many cases, it would be better if the kayak} I would be distracted only for my own affairs and this would continue to be in the service of the common dvd, this time all the officers went forward to the apartment, sitting at the commandant’s district at the front wing - and talked. He speaks a lot, no need, no cost, no; } tours nal lay down kf dѣdueto only moisten the matter, I see you are right and I took the steps and now everything is better. but I have, Your First Lady, I insisted10 that you familiarize yourself with. : ashim zhurnalom, n. not like eating a malaise at an official, but in particular, maybe in the future. V-t set, so that you take into account the similar work of the receivers. they themselves have to keep such magazines at each plant. But you can’t see who is doing what each day and the general responsibility is each. all $ y, so I would have to take their place, maybe let them work, and impose their own stamps, all the same, they will have to cool off - cool. If • ө Byt refuse in five magazines, I will send it to you. By registered order, Kazan, but having grafted it when you think it over, look at it, otya with a private shaving, I do not "alone insist that. You_______1629_______sent him a message, you can leave it without 110, Okrugny District !! n - the tendent took the magazine from me and put it down. 33 prtrfel. On failing, I put my hand 1ѣ, the apartment of the premier’s apartment ая uтalt {{ohm. Чө рөз! І місяцьв енд quarterly ml - Magazine bylії published the results of the revision of the okrugNEV41. Thanks to Khazansky ntendantom in the Vyatka province and at the end, thanks for the good work of diz-um prіemvr kam potassium tanam and on the third place Nabe wagi well, I don’t say anything to all AATs. ulavri novy knew that I handed the district ntendant a copy of the magazine and was very glad that ator xournal, best certified his work. n daily - all parts, sanitary goods for 1000 GEL, and other prizes only, I'ulyakhin and occasionally at nickel. 100-250 pairs.. First of all, to the rest of the landlords. I didn’t like that, that the candidate was satisfied officially. Ntskom magazine blah. - by the suitability of the young captain’s headquarters, but older: his captain was the first tavla - they were without any attention !!! So it was six months ago, and so on. cap Gavri nov - ІІI lives with factory owners and a dressing gown 10 to conduct ¢} all the work. This, too, was not the same, it was reported Glavnoglu. To the quartermaster, but since it coincided_______1630_______fromgum, a telegram, send the premo to the factoryѣ. T.D.F. T. Vakhrusheva sons to one ”, I’m from among the employees who are in the village of Vakhrushev and do not slowly go out: to get to Petersburg and to appear at the Main Commandant's Office .. better than that” I was glad at first to receive such a telegram, finally, before: nizh and showed inze. After reading Yasaazal, it’s written very dryly, if there is such an order in the military, that changes are reported so dry.drowning. Do you again have to tell you any friends of the exile of the Libyan premieres? ” Davryan reiterated that I couldn’t be, I am with all my friends, and I have nothing to tell me about everything 35 times, but I thanked all the okryuskny and tendente. Въ is a case of something, then I attracted a donocycus, and the district commissary of Kazan south to do nothing and he began to get together: 30% and the day before he came to our apartment with henna to perform, so I took Flora 11, lsnikov’s mother’s hair, I drank some wines for 60 rubles and gave me this coat ѣha.Although we have some money: for uluuat Ji + c nickname for them, but neo: hida. !! ny call ъl Ile - turgburg, nasrzasta.Le flawed and if we gave money for money% then we don’t have anything left for the railroad: railroad tickets came to ask us to cart іsnikova not mine: whether heediye autra leaveYvv Vyatk + ladies' fur coat sewn from this ya - ҳa, after a month% + 1 we will send him from Iyeterburg 60- ru bәhei, and he is B! W -a numento let us in a fur coat the same "by mail at our expense." I said: that Nt-C Nikol will not take a bail coat as a deposit, you will bring it "by yourself, but by d’ngilotom." “If you ask,” then I’ll tell him that you’ll probably.ANDone: £ Er".._______ 1631_______.but both of them said: “9%, no; 4n without the need to break the coat, I still think that we have taken away the abѣiali, but we don’t want to get dirty in it .. I agreed to order it by phone, by phonetalk about your calculations M% inconvenience, and you can do it to the detriment of it, who listens to it and then say something? Vakhrushev combines like po • money bills from your own merchants, the best to offer yourself F. .LES Nikov Shuva under%. pledge, I’m not sober as I don’t know anything and how to agree, so did you. F.P.Lѣsnikova and t Шna Shavrd were called by telephone, almost new words say to өtsu that they are implanted in Petersburg 2 Apparently, take it to another place, but they dojan for hѣhs 60 rubles and would rather return it, but for the most part they have sewn up, but they don’t have enough money to pay 20h. In your apartment - ru shuvu debt security, We have you. to redeem yөrөvөdөnъ dөngi, but asked. I’m gonna send you a fur coat, but nikovva - I laughed and showed, I’m a moneylender .. As a result, I will take 3 security or pledge a fur coat, I’m not the only one who has sold your 8% credit. may, two or more, when you have money, then send and to Shavrshogo - you are satisfied and thanked you on St. Petersburg for the next day, and I introduced Shavri to the Chief of the Interde ntu, which would keep him until the end “Um, caused U to study” and started scolding him like a boy. Up, Shavrina proboval justified and sanlatoya on attestatsіyu Kazanskago okrud Foot Quartermaster, but generalѣ Heads vy Intendantѣ cried silent,.to_______ 1632_______.пѣ аттөртація by. powder, Waat thanked you for your work, if you found, in good for Mon8, for Banya and paid salaries, and you must work in good faith, but dolip zako and durne? and password about something, something like pov, thenI just drink with aludby. Go you district - And tөndaaatvo, dance. I’m gonna say this, ciao. You must give. . . ...., V. Petersburgokoiz okrukerons Intepdapotv him immediately yes ~ ruled in the office of the general of the rounded Intendapt, whose tact is vibration nile, which is 85 and the price for it, which opt for a breeder, but nooz. bn., and the tones were taken, but now during the time of the war, it’s not unlikely to be enlisted al'dovі egіz, yes. No one had even drunk once, they had already drunk, and then there was something else, but they were treated at the plant of the chika: Toro - yourself, then taking it, do not make excuses, but sendYou are on a new business trip, near the village of Bogorodokoye, Hkhgorodokoy Gubor - ain, for the preparation of the goods, try your best to tamzagadag oos avivshөvoi about Bas dne nie, that you are a drunkard and must be a kitchen guy. KatEShavrinovo steel industry; Your Owner, allow me to protect myself to say a few words. However, General Veterburgo surrounded by the commander stopped him, needless to say, you are here about the death of audi, and the internet is about you Vasily the neo-guard in the event you pi - rendered, you will not lie. Vin Vas did not punish, but only insisted - if, as a matter of fact, onu, and he also warns that he will be postponed as a commander of Oni Vas for the same service, but to the other district, away from it, it’s nice that Vav was complied with once by Naty Popoyko. Silence and leave, it will be already. Leave two cabins of Chavri. Pov received a Ponz District. Yes. Tendencies.,,10:"T_______1633_______alignment to the village of Borodokіїro, the Nizhny Novgorod province and the corresponding buy-out about the appointment of the first distributor to Bogorodakіv factories and instucts. The chief of the І-th department said, “I’m uploaded to you tomorrow morning. First of August, Shavri novz n х reichals c. Bogorodskoye, and on August 1, prigaying to Nizhny Novgorod yarvaris and receiving% of whom is yariarachin’s address, came to me in the city npitsu and distributed some rutal Main and District Vogo - Burgundy Ingendaa9%, not letting him say no ? all half-shots and they’re becoming convinced that I think they’re a bribe taker andhe doesn’t lie. Only then could I be sure that it was true that I was watered by my labor and I couldn’t curse myself, but I had to fiddle and suck; I had something to put in and 83 Vyakih and appreciate the fact that there were bribe takers and drunkards who were former, Vyachkiv prists )I didn’t drink, but I worked better than others. For no reason, there was no reprimand for valuables, there wasn’t even a single pair of boots and boots that I was considered to be a bribe taker .. I decided that it didn’t take it in vain and didn’t achieve it, I’ll go ahead and have a good look, I’ll take it. Anyway, I didn’t take it, but very good at me, I’ll take it, at least, although it’s not in vain I would have to wear such a name, I tried to reassure him to carry it out, so I had Aleko sitting .Tet. The debt of ushins and the satisfaction of how unfair and unjust the bosses are And through this poyaviz finally "dream and I do not pogibnuv.Poslѣ vidѣli ShRZhap, Shavrilova and vѣBogorodskonz HIA bnl irіөmschivoiz LADA fire to end Rk is not a war, perөdѕ revolyutsіoy, unto Bogorodokbyl translated poskv from our zavodeprі өntsik, inovnik voennago vremөn, scalesE ....... . .......... ...... ..._______1634_______ - clever, s анrѣөv ani, good-natured chinӣ, and hardworking. Where is she? cap; Shavrinov, and83 Bogorodsky, I snapped 16 and nothing about him is one hal. However, Nova Shavrilova sent 60 rubles to St. Petersburg. for dh. vyazhku, as ала communicated. , gently through ifoyats.For the period from 1932 to 1915, i.e. for 2 1/2 years, the floor of the recall was found at the plant of Lieutenant Colonel Khudozhilov, on our call it was two frontiers of the quartermaster’s commanders who hadn’t been able to retranslate, transferred to St. Petersburg, ordered from another city, or ordered them to leave St. Petersburg. but at another plant or at another time, c. Bogorodak, Moscow. or in Kazan. Odin ѣ officers пр prі ен encycl even in my apartment ѣ when I got warm, I received a letter from Petersburg about ғs false and started up a bullet in my forehead ’. I never even knew this officer. My departure from St. Petersburg, he arrived at our factory, when I was at the Nizhny Novgorod Yariar, he lived at the factory for 2-3 weeks and was buried by a couple of boos. I was twenty-two. There were a lot of people who visited our factory from our factory, don’t be dead, Bru is a bit loving and very honest pinho, not..+.. .. . .. . ..... .. ..... .......column....avalanchesHonest 110 g40900, 10 OHN II Lakio, KOTODHYD BEDino, I wanted to have some money from the commissary, especially those who had heard that the commissaries used to be rich for 1-2 years, but now it doesn’t work, no one offers, and the salip don’t stop and don’t know how to go to it and fearing the general Shu - vaөza whoeverywhere it was dutifully stated that, with little evidence of “Faviatoch, bika op% would not tolerate. In any case, to cause pumice or other causes, the ө employees at the factory ѣ took up more often than not*. . . .. . {{"--_______1635_______2t|7AT.cx .oneand NOT.--inBUTtand,However, there were takiv, kind of 2. Hal, Shavri nova, whomѣ - it’s hard to call or find Nnii or half-crazy or self-respecting career ones. One and 8% of those are: I want to mark it off, who ruined it, I don’t have any blood, I’ve lost my first, ”trying to do any dirty tricks, etc. he himself finally ruined his career. In 1912, I took up the trading house as much as possible ... at my own expense, ”about. Andrөө13 Stopapovichoiz Juices in Nni, contract for a protavka. soldiers ’ankh half-fur coatsуш thousand. up to five pieces. The contract was beaten for yin A.S. Sokovin - for and the work was done for the whole Usnөyaskom, at the plant V.S. Jahlaa and the factory in the village of Sokovni in the night, We filed a statement with a request to send us a letter from an Indian source. Did we get from St. Petersburg the kurvis of the officer: the captain and, F, MummyES looked like a good-looking man, op% made a pleasant impression, but when I arrived at 5:00, I got into the village, as prescribed by my assignment, I was appointed by contract, ” , Sokoznina, all of Uspensky and all. Sokovni Mon I was instructed to contact me for assistance in various fur coats, ordered to give food to the horse and pohal from the bottom to the village of Udlonskoye, where it was prepared for him - furniture, naya kvarispra - to the dock of V.F.Shili to the whole upper in egash 4 rooms. But so ons. beating alone, then for him they furnished fully lit. about:. kompats, a bedroom and a cabin, and in the hall we set up a table with only a few chairs, I still had to have a crew with a horse and a coachman to keep the coachman and the horse. The new gentleman, Num, was pleased. the apartment and the rest. Soon, they began to withdraw from the production of short fur coats and, on the consignment note, we showed him the first steam"....іE•one.one.".gBUT_______1636_______ - Tii and asked to take. Did you know that in your village, how to make a note, and the rest of the officers are missionaries? I’ve never taken a half-time for nothing, and, at the courses, it was taught about it. B% described nld. it’s clearly expressed: it has been decreed all the time and it’s mentioned that short fur coats have a share of Нн to be 83 sheepskins, skvos through-tanned. It was easy to check the size of the beat, the sheepskin crawled about. whether it’s fermented or even crushed, they don’t know how to put it together: “They informed Captain Mumu to send. protөrt). in the technical committee, stating that it is causing him som, as if. half fur coats are not fully fermented and not through tanned and prosi. indicated how to do it. Tutі ts asked him for the reason op% not to produce,. When he started, he left, remained silent, and then said that he had requested additional clarification from the technical committee, because he had doubts about the type of Chicago, the jackets were made not from a leavened sheepskin and made from tanned sheepskin NN. Yes, I should still clarify that, like Mon-5 STAPHF: you should have chosen a short fur coat), vnan. I’m sure that you will be sent and sent, together, 0%, and then take it. But if you find all the fur coats we were wrong, then you can reject everything, then we will send you 100%. Capital5: Mul, he was offended and said, you want to teach him, but I have my own bosses, kv, to whom. I: I am asking for a decree, I ask .. leave me sideways, We shut up. Two weeks passed, and it came out: the boom committee: the boomer committee addressed to the receiver Dun, who wrote to your protest from - such and such - the number of those who were rejected and rejected. You are not prokvulyannyh8 and ve duplevyh • I will eat 3 - kov, and also he is not explained to the breeder of the breeder Sokovny on....ny:}one.one:•."._______1637_______- please inform when .. all this shaft is techno-conitegy: Writegan.- Muts understood his mistake, prіhkhaya .. kam nam and steel to ask posko - rѣө..snovn. It is difficult to choose the half-battered and half-baked half-fighting and send from. They explained to Yetsu that, having wa; half-coat II and 33 of the leavened half of the sheepskin and through the bled. If you think that they are all not leavened and only duplicated, then discard: all, then let’s go, we’ve done 3, choose 13. sample, I and loaf, a. You have the least objection. Or well: choose for yourself though: -2, which cause Zdoo doubt, this or these have not reached for Bn continue: to borrow. For rejects. Remember, you weren’t told, so: to postulate, you need to - but to send a sample and protest together, but you didn’t listen; They sent us: We told you nothing, but Artyars was an official. , 80lvil A. that Azam to teach you. : and so that we don’t get involved in your affairs. About - there were two weeks and we turned out to be right from St. Petersburg too, it came: to take a sample and to combine it - a statement. Kapitan, Muk, started hot, what kind of trouble, saying, op., two passed, pedals, let three more pass: pedals, but I’m not a hock .. I’m a solid student, indicated, and 85th technical committee, prince atch, nachpu I Vayavili, the Duma, that, ethics, about 1, inflicts damage on breeders, yatөrіalny, the illegal is more than twee. The code is rito and 85 one or two short fur coats are presented to you; өмъ that does not agree NE - ed. Vadim mnѣ, niem, protestuizi: Ottirad Lyays% on the conclusion, the technical committee. In this case, it will be ”executed and legally. We will send an orthodoxy and ask - to give us: open soon, Then Captain. Movie said after the village, Vakhrusho - in, and so I will advise .. e, prіtski, whoҙ have already been to the next“N:BUT. one2.tand....F.43-trankOnT.“one -.-g -,-_______1638_______:r.I protest, give it as you wish, just know that if you’ve been on and don’t start ki pri ѣtk Петерб, I personally go to St. Petersburg and cash out I conceal your request to force Bios to take or boil or let it go. . *-... On the next day, Mount returned from the village of Vakhrusheva, took 185 breast-two fur coats and wrote that, in his opinion, these half-coats are called3. Tomiћnie, full. whether he is prokvashөpy and product blotsn, and • therefore he is tempted to subordinate competence 13 mn 11 ә 5 milestones of the Peak koi tөta. With its own branches: max added, which, in view of the equal lasіya our s5 -girіm өmschikom, capital. Mukoњ, from which we are a nongovernmental organization, having seen these short fur coats viola standardized, the sender% 'ah2.0 quality 0% priced by the technical committee, on the occasion of technical, technical committee and 8 product designation to determine the final price .. orig. with what. Sokovnin signed up as a co-trainer: Apөy chөrө8% ten percent of the year back to hang the technical committee and say that such short fur coats can be accepted • as a whole% - conditional in all respects, • Kapapapu Duu 'ivotruktsiya as oyrөdѣlyat leaven - and 'produbleynodҒ coats. Heѣ calmly read howl and said3 now clearly and immediately begin to begin. Prior to this, the salesmen took: 1000 half-baked B% for each, and about% - for nickname mk, 50-70 half full for half-time, choosing everything at all - Soon. • kolusubok, for ironing - $ 0. shoroti gi - eat the megharn, as if vp --y - is looking for ѣ vѣ »shөroti. Yin өmu was told that if - so quietly - you will - cause that everything - you’ve passed through ml-? I’m not going to let the soldiers in a short fur coat — null, Be • it’s okay okay. Answer, one winter will pass, the second will come and there will be no hurry, but there’s no way to indicate it !, that I’m quiet or quickat•_______1639_______....... .fromON 2M.:tg.,this is my cause, I have instructions from my superiors: and ..ld ... You nө: are satisfied with my work, you can: complain to me 140əm. the beginning ” We said, although we have a motive to complain about him, we pro, let us speed up the receipt, we will be able to wire it to Ditendan to send at least 3 or. B prіemshchikov, if everyone, if they have been taken, is not 33% of the day, they are able to accept more than seventy short fur coats .. I. . talked about • Sokov pinym and ә rishili: leaveѣ; v. rest, let it be something to do, the skin will get accustomed to%, it will start faster; don; a. That can even sharpen aggravation and even worse buds. I quit and didn’t show up at the factory. Two of the APR $ zhzhivaet to many And. S, Sokovni and ѣ and asks ѣ where is the captain. Mum; he had already been to the village of Uspenskomn several times: already? at Vav vvshөm, village: at Vopkhg prv өvshchikov u Uspenskod asking the “Mumosky” money-giver, where the orphanedusman, but I didn’t get the day to go, I was pretty sure. To your pritsenikama, v. quite noticeable, but, for that matter, you try to be stable-resistant, and say that "us." no worries ”, whether it happened • None,“ Misfortune, but drowned the league ;. or 10. Did “someone kill us longer?” “We’ll keep silent, and we will continue to declare the applicants. We will be able to graph. Do you have Interendanism. Have you had a good business? Assumption / persistent threat, what a dictator. 'show' to the police: and telegraphs, В: Petersburg, then the day’s vkayzalya, perhaps only the last: not: please, it’s about force “not at all” to allow: statements; to: police: or by engraving in Peterburg ; because he “Svkrvto: Ot: vsekhy” de wowed Moscow in Kyiv * of his second wife and after a week “he comprehended e -. . . . . . . . . . . . . :: s 3 * ". 5t. 1 tbsp.:::::: x .:::::::omlands:Nacha: those 9th grade to....t.2one.Gg.:ce -_______1640_______Win":eleven.out, and if. if it goes to Kharkov, it will fail. ” two ѣ nѣdѣdi, but ... "I’ve broken through to tell no one, not even the local» to the%otherѣ factories, A, 0: Juice on the next day pr1ѣkhal and, he told everything and everything:: We began to discuss: is it convenient for us to remove 3, and be- ..өgo - an accomplice, knowing his illegal actions and did not convey - to the authorities and not even say! ogo ooo servicemen. But what if you suddenly eat it: there is something. a, yes, yes?. We would not have to • disengage. Finally, we decided to go to the senior officer at the Ilyichyyz factory to tell him what to do and give him discretion, the Senior Officer ”, having listened to us, surprised us and added that he was crazy, but only got the job done. I also warned you not to say anything to you. I am indebted and in my own responsibility - I do not take this, but today I will: I will talk to our correspondent how to send the message and together in rushin what to do and thank youall this was shown to us as an elder. On the next, the dynasty ofi - the king came to many, and then, they drew up a year-to-date to send him an urgent telegram - to call him back, but, according to his superiors, but to inform him, yes - not to destroy it "completely, and when about% will come back, then we’ll talk, I said: Well, we’ll wait, but we would have to speed up the half-side, and we wanted to dig out additional textbooks for text, "but for some reason they even wrote it. It was very quiet. .. nygo feasting, according to: inexperience and I thought that he would get used to it and ... to go quickly, and • eat өg about .otjzdovih prі өlka absolutely - the senior officer stopped, it’s a matter of principle, but I can’t return anything .. I can’t: help and I can’t stop you from drawing additional messages, but you won’t find it possible to suspect өдө weekg_______1641_______ImidDu.tam, nde..Iwi.four.IcivotVI..ܪ ܕܩܫܝܐ ܫ.܀ ܐ ܝܛone.$.. '!."2€one.-**i teT.Ti-KliB. yoută ero, iz 'r: Oriol Ben Bordt oky "pro oleifit.for de winter c ha i comuni wa tete, në woactua's TÖHaita 3922), the dai 4010' ujë. Dai's is 25 .- ero, beak ošteun se estosOur OT imtarie nyu-yohiti, con una corta2024 * 70 41 * n *; <ÓZ: 10 2. Conocima "obrubsbit garuHII li..Ci liwi€)Ha: 059, to1.73.20 02 it's vero caufaob fbb2bJ.V: Hajlo Diva 'Butto.)5LapareTid":t-1.1. Cinq, USIE, 1,000 OD M La rencont e inj va in, CDI, katollü ito. Cutie L 'j OwIMY HI2 '1. C. de rerú Mül Epėme titi, iucri t? UTE 607_0iw wünst for this ba5210,926 ze dneܝܐ ܛܙܪ܂r.IIILtI A..SOF031: 11GT3 Cocinfeasedin bitmesto 50-100C-ZE'IS HERB.misteenä. 1. de EBC10 .c, will gubuh yê vain 0 m2. Os d ois lade Aidio SiOLJIS Jiro ipie II. je sevinci ETILISE 'I wžsrionyayUKCIE, CÁNH TECUMelevenܕܢdw. ILLTE O BOCClesI!Hamisi'weti ULTS, unnon 'i'tiy:fourdin garaYna idadiqdim, as a nie obžnjë dei s za17'llyza 'rio ma ci wie, v. 409, te cronz, CC. Bu sanatrne, ty leere "un" Eunjunh'tati ciazyI n MB. ...- “.. ...._______1642_______.one6. at.... . ... . ..dn3:45about.h.one:one.4 stlі..:four..,..goneg.t: : 4fromit,four..there ,, Otanu? 3. I’m rooted, where to take it: here too. Otarshөnu pr өmshchiku to: write vadroo. nѣ, v.5 do they have "a face and will they not be able to help, o-. howl tidії mastinki_pleniya, bea prionlki addo pago prіmika "from. Sheburg "adk. behind the front door you’re studying, and you have got it. . to that, all half-feelings will be with ayahn, I have given say apriye. They said that “B% is odd,” if I don’t have to explain, they comradely communicated: I didn’t ask from St. Petersburg. bang5, if you are alone you will recover, then, at the very best, ”The project went completely normal, quickly and quickly. On one occasion, Captain Mun said. Sokovninu. here. And for you I try, I work remotely, a, Bn about my conveniences. .. no, take care. I am all. The Vakhrushevskys, having been provided with a quarter, were provided to the tradesman: for each apartment, which has decent pores, not expensive10, .. on the windows. bed mats; sofa in the living room. ” and creole, and for me - the atmosphere of the barracks apartment is huge, and almost empty, nѣdѣ. None. creole, and when recognized, to many. my servants, it’s a shame to accept .. them, at home, Sokovni on the side of өtsuu Vakhrushevnsk contract. Saloats merchandise year-round and gave one last, so that they have three quarters of accommodation for living permanently, they can. and with the best satisfaction, but we have everything in a row. in the middle of the army in two military schools at that not every year. Therefore, we don’t have anything for kupald for your apartment, otherwise there was a tie from the owner. V.S. Shchplin, inadvertently, was sometimes added, brought from her and some part was delivered by two villages of Vakhrusheva. When Vasniy prizdz, we asked Bao satisfactorily, Vasa, apartment and apartment, and..l-T.-:-TERg.t...BUT.7g.,**2."g.: atfourT. 4hoursoneti! e watch. .... ... .... .....oneme, 2 '! In ... well, tell meі 1: 1 to life ѣ l94 1'ti. . .. . xavvy. I A ~ ... .I. ... .... Iqti Has. This apartment and howling Ltd. Panovka i."T.do you have anyB overlooked, excessively_______1643_______..t. . . . .. .. '!GP +* * *R.*enough. If you want to have a rug ”and something else, I’ll look for docking and bringing, probably, sofas and an armchair from the web, I’ll stay there for another two or three weeks and we will easily get around at home. I don’t know what to do with ports on windows; I don’t want to order new ones and buy new ones, but I’m not ready to buy them at my place. I’ll ask Petra Alek. Vakh Rusheva, maybe there’s Valvenmum who will open it, Nya, ” do not really want to fly to him for two, three weeks, at him. There are many of their own, yes, moreover, comrade officers did not want to talk to him that they did not chant him under Colonels Khudozhilov. But it did, they sing and understand, we will be a breeder ”, we will work together, however, to serve others, and everything will go well.Companion ”at Sokovnia, sectionally numbered according to the biology for V.S. Khilyak / but he5 lived in Petropavlovөkѣ /, the second deputy lived in an active and material way. The contract was in the name of A.S. Pokovka, therefore, to sign the papers and receive the donng aa short coat, I had from AEc.go I was notarized and we all called A.Sokov Nina the ownerѣ, I saw the shuvki. When he prіzzzhal kѣ nam, my d%ty runners and shout: have fallen, the proprietor is the master. ” AO Sokovni from the beginning * embarrassed, stopped them *, don’t need to call me like that, your dad ve shu uku and took control of my master, but what do you think about it yourself. Tools v vkayzalya eyebrow, let them, if they like, because they even-"Kt is well meaning this word. . . . . . . . . . . . . 4 Hrі emikkh kapi tanz Mum ", of course, forgetting that ...:•Eone.14.. . . . .-1. That„one.•»•., then.from::..... ..t:","}::::: y ..:,g.:::: : one. .._______1644_______ . . . I can’t stand alone, but I’m legal, the contractor is contractor A, B, Sokovnik,? o I took in half a fur coat to Sokovnin, but I tried as much as possible to show me as soon as possible whether we’re having a family, either looking at a picnic or buying a meal at the Vyatka river and at the same time on the second half, half the drinks, the captain Mumu was loving that they invited guests for a picnic for their tea: we welcomed: navigate to your apartment the team to your dnyashchiku: Ivan ѣ brews of fresh tea, goeti cooked. Dynch otchik in response, Your honor to brew freshly brewed, You said: this is not yet absorbed, a lot of "ozhzhi." "? 19When they arrived at the factory, they brought a good arbuv, whether the breed is captain “Mumu and we say this gift to you, a good watermelon • outright, for the fact that you ate some tea. You accepted the watermelon and give it back, 4 on ice, we’ll eat it by volume ”, and after we got some ice from the watermelon, half of it was left and we got her diyz. Denshchik” cutting a completely unshakable slightly pink watermelon, not tasty, you can’t eat. We turned out to be, that only that they drank tea with milk, while the arbouve influenced cola opavno but. “.* For a few days, we Fadili “on a picnic” on the meadows of Mikhail Anempody secret of Fofanov, my cousin. in a big boiler in the air, over% of the coats. Every year we went there for a big company, took some drinks and other treats with you. These ears always happened: -very tasty and every time,one : : : ::::: 1.1.,;':1: imen. .. . .....+...--"......".. ~ ..._______1645_______ .gr...they spent half a night, had fun, bathed, three lovers of what they had eaten with their devices. For this season we visited thirty members of the island with us, Father Anton Arkiv, Marakulin, as well as Ikolai Ivanovit and Klovdiya Andreyevna Vakhrushava, Ilya Mikhailovich Dntyaia with our family, our family, Rukavishnikovs and aunt Mariya Alөksandrovna Konstantin picnic and captain Mume. Ot Kureshnikovs to the village of Uspensky near veroyan or one and a half hour. On another picnic, we immediately sent one of my sons to Usinenskoe village, personally, to invite Captain Moon now to my place, unless, of course, they would have a low objection to this. The son returned half an hour later and said that Captain Mum’s search was On the river Vyatka, go to the fish. Kapitan thanked you for inviting me to take part and take part in our picnic, and we would like to buy fish for you. You began to expect him in the whole company for three hours, finally, you bought yourself before obdonъ, and since there was no swimming way, there were no bathing suits то, then we decided that the men were first bought in ѣ ѣ потомѣ, and then they were given, куп went swimming completely alone near the boat, and Nena то “at that time with my aunt Kiapien Alexandrovna came up to the dock Coast. and saw that I was swimming, the aunt quickly undressed behind the bush and dive into the water on the other side of the boat. Then my wife saw her and, surprised, I said that it’s you aunt, how are you not ashamed to swim next to my muixe14 She didn’t give up much or unscrewed, I didn’t freak out%, but it’s because everyone’s swimming in the same way. they started to wait for the captain to be around, but she wasn’t, poison, hdөm, began to grumble, ѣa # хочет wants and in the middle of the vkhi that he didn’t make it. I ask my son if you warned KaptaON.t: 2.,; *_______1646_______.eleven.the fact that we won no later than one o'clock in the afternoon, did happen, yes, and katti tan turned it off, now I don’t go, only for the last time we got a fishing rod We decided that he wasn’t just and we had to drink it: he had to drink , we ate snacks and a sterlet ear, and after a walk we walked for another two hours, and at seven o’clock we started to gather home. a girl with small fish, the size of a finger съ. Ma comes to zhunѣ, gives the beetroot to the fish and say, I didn’t want to go out on a picnic to eat some nmi rakani and now bring my share for the common cause. We apologized that at about 1 o’clock in the morning I walked until seven o'clock in the evening gerilg for a picnic; they didn’t express hunger strikes, didn’t you wait until three o’clock? # өNow my nөmө vъstѣ oѣ Wamt pour out tea and while it’s just uѣdөmъ home, and the fishTake away Don, you will have to eat one meal Әe.Әtii dѣdo andone.:.it was.* * * it. .After graduating from the semi-booth in the village of Uspenskoe, captain Mum reported the report to Petersburg, hoping that they would return him to St. Petersburg., But it turned out that we had a quiet pla 00 + 200 words {tak_ya tөlөgrammy in intendano TVѣ called Vahrushevakіya arshinnnya tөlөgrammy / for which I tried to speed up the sale of salon goods, and then boots at the same time with him a piece pc. Chavri is new. From St. Petersburg, captain Moon was told that he was being seconded to the group ѣ prіemshchikov ѣ sәlѣ "Voznesenskopl.TO... ".,.... .Vakhrushevѣ, help everyone to get there, to go a little_______1647_______:* * *əyri: ::BUTke3the work, and most importantly the image, at the factory of the trading house of F.T. Vakhaushz’s sons ". Bolytan Kuyѣ prіkhkhal iz from the village of Uspenskago, introduced him to his home, and I had to take care of the apartment at first, so that there are curtains, rug, sofa and everything else, like others .."I tap. Shavri nov continued to get ready and worked as before, quite successfully, but Cap. Mumѣ took on his own hands a little goods for sending to the quartermaster's warehouses for other outfit workshops. He worked one at a time another geeky pr өnschikalni, not hurrying, that is, he supported the Italian zavaoғor ku, taking 100-150 pairs a day and every day he demanded horses and baddles both Dyak and Slobodskaya. Once upon a time, he needed it. of his apartmentѣ and by the indicated hour, at 8 o’clockѣ, they gave him a pair of horses d. Kucher prozhdol two hours. Nakonets vѣ 10:00.captain ѣ Mum ѣ to go out alone on the road and questioning the coachman: this is for the horse feed. for Вас Vas, Your noble өҡagіt. butsѣ says that e # o meansѣ; headquarters kalіptanam or lieutenant to give good horses and single-haired horses, while many, Kalitanu, presented motley jacks with a nesting, other redhead. Kucherѣ says that today they’ve already gone to the raven’s, and their horses aren’t installed, they’re too old and they’re even better than the blacks. ” Mum say, you don’t rub many glasses, go to your place to listen to what to say, otherwise I will complain and I will demand} drive you away. Vernio back, report to the walker, like on such horses; I don’t want to go, let them immediately give me the same horse dei that I had been given in the previous rava, one-haired). Kucher came home and told me everything. I called mi.Lagunova and asked aboutcity::::::::. .... . . ...one_______1648_______*** * *.git’s easy for Captain Mumѣ to understand that it’s too late today, koyadi’s race, others and, if he needs to go to Vyatka today, let him hang on to these, and if time is up to tomorrow, then we will give him a couple of $, even black’s. Kherz 'half an hour M.I. Lagun returned, reports that Captain Mun was divisive and at the same time he preferred, vnuvnal didn’t eat, scolded Baos, that you ruined your nerves, you ruined and vnulyn sick and you will treatbya. I ordered the horses to be banned and said if, indeed, they were outraged, then we should again graph in St. Petersburg to ask for a new primer. In themselves, cal. Mua didn’t go to work, they said, a bolont, but two days later the general, the Kazan district commissary / about what I said above. / And captain. Muyz bnoyaro was all-inclined, revealed, the general and then went to the factory, and he listened to the reprimand and scolding of the general of the district Dntendant in a row with his friend, but, in particular, everything was related to him, he was practically a drop in tune because To our factory, through the help of Shavri novui and all of his activities, they were visible in the work journal “I personally didn’t say anything to the district Intendant from the donation to the horse’s account of cop“ Moon, but as I said above, I insisted that I make sure protonotѣ Nothing, Iv видно kotarro would have been quite clearly visible: it was the fact that Cap, Mun spent more than other working bases ”, and less than others, not only with minimal, but also with lesser revision of goods. It is possible that this was taken by the district commissary and Captain Mum was not thanked for the order of the district commissary published in the commissary magazine. After the Kazanok_______1649_______Because the district quartermaster didn’t return the goods to the factory%, but then I’ve been given 4 parts in four parts, and the whole thing was taken over. It’s a lot of money, but there’s a lot of money The mun. Nevertheless took a write and less than others and, according to the magazine, all this was marked out GRMѣsyatsya later on the Vyatka factories, for their inspection, the assistant to the Main Intelligence General Bogatko, together with the manager of the technical committee A.A. Nadavadz. whether they have a factory in factories and even visited Rusanovskaya # purchased land for factories, bedrooms for workers were also very fresh, and finally in the lower floor, under the bedrooms, they saw the room that was activated for a covenant breakfast: A, A. Zavadasho was to build a plantar of plantar roots in this, to a beautiful factory, even I agree, it’s poured out the sole, I noticed that we have started to build this factory to make the sole, in order to work, there’s been a reason ѣ of this, they insisted that they pay a salary of 5 goods on a regular basis, they lodged a single salary with the borrowers officially for a long time, according to what they said, we were unforgivable, only we noticed that there were no last or kind of supplies to our factory, since they had only been developed soon after them more than nya, one cap. Shavri vov: if it was recalled, it was translated into Bogorodsk, and it suggested that the neurshrvaisaareshdiјvotalnye prіmshchiki together or kaltita pun shunѣ edIRO - personally told the general Bogatko, or A.A. Zavodsky that it was a cap. After the departure of the cap. Lavri nova prion ka sepog was re-owned, in our factories, captain Mun and so on.Joseph posutiya_______1650_______""*.. ...gthe moment began a complete tuchenіe. The production of% tax on factories was reduced from a thousand pairs in a day to 200-300 pairs. There wasn’t enough өөd nѣvdo viewingѣ I had the right goods for my boots, I had to leave the chapters off, then the soft and hard goods, the workers were at our place for half a day waiting for work, but the delivery and the car were empty. Fak, we ask Chalyo 2-3 weeks and I again wire to the Main Commandant's Office that the plant's productivity decreased by a thousand pores to 300 dar,. in view of the fact that there is only enough viewing and branding by the captain. Mum of separate frequent product goods, I ask you to increase the number of customers, so that the factory could work a full thousand thousand days, from St. Petersburg only, during this time a factory inspector will come to our factory. Nikolay Yakovlevich. Yezhov, who went around all the factories, went to many houses and was busy with office work. Here, as our shoe factory comes to our house, about fifty workers. One of them entered the house kam nam and forgive the gentleman of the factory inspector to go out into the yard, N.Ya. Vzhov came out and saw the crowd and asked what it means to go on strike before wartime.% P, your noble, we came to ask for your good work so that% we would be given full work, for the whole days we are standing by the cars of the military I’ve got to work, and I’ll only have the time to work 2-3 hours on a one-day basis, and since we work one at a time, according to the same amount as yours, then our earnings have been so reduced in the last time that we cannot go to bread% cannot earn and not just feed the family. The owners contacted them, they were dependent on you, the goods were ready for work, he was lying at the end of a tskagogo vendor who was not able to browse and brand, and,Yesfourі_______1651_______do not let go of the stamps without goods, Factory inspector reassured workers, go, he said, 5, because of my revenge and don’t worry, I’ll talk to the quartermaster now, I hope he will speed up the session if I don’t have time for one way to save your assistant. Now there’s a time when not only 2-3 hours on the go, but round knots, washing outside, working, the workers quietly went to the factory and the factory inspector followed them went to the factory% and requested% direct contribution from the% of the goods . He told the captain 14uk about the command and said that the shoe factory workers had contacted and sold the water, I asked you to increase your vacation at the factory "tested and branded state-owned clay solo goods for full performance of the whole working day, as well as earlier. You don’t give only - for 2–3 hours of work, Ionis are offended by the day, because they don’t earn such money, they are hungry and can’t feed their children, Kali tan. the boss and you don’t have the right to indicate how much and how much I have to borrow and listen to you, I don’t have to. I have my own ungodly bosses, who gives me a lot of correspondence, he turned away from the factory inspector and continued to work. at home factory inspector speaks, what kind of gentleman is this, is it normal it is forced toI have to complete the process, I can’t leave the workers ’declaration of the entire factory unsatisfied, and therefore I ask you, as a factory owner, of this factory, to give me a letter explaining how" you got it..R...about._______1652_______ . With the quartermaster’s office, there is such an aggravated situation that the workers suffer, come to the whole factory and ask yours, I suggested that the factory inspector write in writing a request to the directors of the factory, what exactly needs to be explained for this reason only I got itthe request leaf, I sent to the office, I set out in detail how to aggravate our relations with the plant management department as open as usual in general, from the moment of recall of Lieutenant Colonel Khudozhilov from our factory, and especially because I was the captain. Mum, at the time of the moment, my half-fur coat came out from my companion. An.St. Sokovnina aou features, due to the late captain Mum ө 8% vacation in ѣ Noskva and Kharkov nadvѣ nөdѣli. Okravyv is not a legal actiono perichyto the captain’s noise, you saw his work in vranneny, but soon all the old things again abnormal and abnormal feelings began to appear at every step, even when there was a kind of travel, as for example. at the request of feeding him for a ride in Vyatka, for pleasure, our motley horses, which led to nervous disorder, so that he would have lounged the patient for a few days and did not go out to the RA. botu vp pr өmnuyu, not at all reckoning vt tѣmъ that, due to the absence of taken parts of sapoinago goods, the factory can completely stop washing. How long was the real illness to judge: I don’t take it, but during his pain 8 I didn’t go to the Vatsanskiy okruhnny zhant factory, then the captain 14um immediately recovered and the general commander accompanied the work about the plant and started to continue to work volume of goodsѣ and pretty u. It’s not difficult, but in the last time, by now unknown2.. ..• *oneone.XX"in._______1653_______ . In-kind success of work has been greatly reduced, as well as many 1,000 pairs the factory now has a maximum of 250 working days, which caused them to be unwell: the number of workers who came to you for more than 2 working hours to increase their full-time work -3 hours tөlerөšnikh аут outki. For the sake of justification of this above, I attach a copy of the journal when I keep the bookkeeping account of the territory of our plant for accounting work. From this magazine, a visual view of the productivity of each successor is shown, including the last 2-3 last days every day, which is completely filled with the amount of work performed by Captain Mum and the number of working hours, which he stayed at the time of our visit. factoryѣ. . . . . . . . . .. Factory inspector. Nya. Yezhov took all this into Vyatka and, oo "his conclusion, sent through his direct superiors / t; e, the Line of Commerce - and industry included /, and after that, it was, after dancing 3, was transferred to the Main Quartermaster Management. So 2-3 weeks passed and at that time factory inspector N.Ya. Yezhov finished and ate from 8 and from this factory, I never saw him and didn’t do anything like how he went over dѣlomt, in relation to the complaint of the factory workers - about the quartermaster of the landlord, captain Munav. But, on a monthly basis, there was an incentive in our village, our own leader. Chief "Quartermaster General Shu wa ev, accompanied by a technical committee chairman A, F, Zavado skago. Someone was sorry that this dayOur village “General Shuvaev” to revise and inspect the approaches, but you knew that it’s early to come from St. Petersburg to Roma early, but when General Shuvaev is off the road, it’s very likely that you’ll be in a new_______1654_______ . have a rest and sit in the factories located in the city of Vyak, and also in the evening., come to our village and, probably, that was ordered by the governor pa, and that new bailiff at least would have to transport and accompany him and by the way. In the morning, Chaorov at 8. I went out of the Don to the factory and saw that someone had passed by the don don in our village, in a slender one, by the side of a couple of Yamish doshadis / different. / And had gone downhill to the lower end of the% of the village. drew attention, you never know, in the village about VNA. To, and left. at the factory .. As it turned out, it’s been for a long time Sam * l, the main Intenka, I’m General. A., F, Zavadkim. He made it to the youngest Samago under the rank of successor, deputy detachment of a wartime official, who only got up and got out of bed. They asked for a samovar and tea accessories. The official immediately ordered: samovar and brew tea. General Shuvaev took a teapot, shook it brewed. He took a rinse tea, a cup, pulled tea out of his traveling bag, brewed it, ate his yakbrought by them with supplies, drank tea and afterѣ 15 minutesѣ didn’t go for the elder Ilyich: the apartments of the youngest one .. I was already at my factory, as many as I had, they said that the main Quartermaster used it and lightened up, first of all with the elder Иль, Ilyich, secretly, it would probably come to your factory I thought it was my duty meet him near the office, at the main entrancevinylyda d наз na nazi, plant ", ashudemiya, about" вl in the office and then there was a huge warehouse .. "drove about half an hour and no one, like 85 of our factory, are telephoning, to the escort, that the main quartermaster is already lower floor, and probably soon the shoe factory will come in. I was very surprised how they both went to the factoryѣ and we don’t_______1655_______ ". for dhli yhѣ. As it turned out, they went through the factory of Ilyich Strakh’s through the field of the village of Trofimovokov-Vakhrushi, to the factory of younger Ilyichs, which, after all, went bankrupt, the factory took possession, Bzdzdvustil, Looking through the factory, they passed the to our factory, through the rear waterway, through which we got in the fuel for our factory to get the boiler, then they crossed the river Mochovitsa and, through the rear gate, entered our factory, the damned blue door at the thief entered the entire factory and went through the factory to the lower etayau, the head of the department and got out of the drum-tannery and Japanese department, I went to the factory at the same time and immediately rubbed them. “They recovered and said, well now you yourself show all your water. * Led them to the upper floor to the private office. Having entered the front, general Shuvaev% asked the workers to stop the work for 5 minutes and the soldiers to get ahead. All the cutters and others they surrounded the chief quartermaster and the manager of the technical committee, Mr. Zavadskago. Chief, the quartermaster took a knife from one cutter and said to laugh: now the war has begun, the scarlet yari liar attacked our dear homeland of Russia and we must use all our strength for It’s the life of our homeland and it’s a sacred duty for all of us, “COB IMTERIOR” called on all young people to the active army, our duty is to tirelessly try to put on clothes / wear another one ”, to keep all those who are happy for work at a factory, working at a factory $ to protect the homeland, therefore, serve the Tsar and the fatherland, I urge you to try to serve faithfully, energetically, honestly, tirelessly, I forgot;:.. ... - "."_______1656 _______.і:.., ...,...,rest ѣ and all your interests, you may well know that the old soldiers standing in front “should know how important it is for a soldier to have boots and boots in good condition, because it’s possible that many of my Baaѣs will be worn out for war but children or brothers, think about them, whether it’s nice to be, will not give them will during your boots or thin boots, and therefore I especially ask you for the sake of your children, who are there to protect you and for everything, work until you leave , honestly, a little where ѣ "doubtfully on your skin, flaw Вы or hole You’re in the river ѣ go around noha, showing a wigzag that you can’t get up and down with a knife vakra tsitsimѣ nokөmѣ. I wish you good luck with your work and firmly remember everything that I told youѣ, For God prayer, all the time the service does not disappear .. * *nerol bowed and went Further, the cutting and stamping parts of the soles, the officers and officials went behind him, and I was a little behind, and I told the cutters to continue working after a few minutes. I come to the bottom of the stamping department and I see the Chief Quartermaster, stand A. A., A. Za Vedskitrѣ, now surrounded by pro-өmshchikami.Tөlөral Shu vaъv hold in his hands ѣ vnsh tamtovannoy sole and something says kalita. Well, Mumu, but I don’t know what I have heard, but I don’t know. The general Uzaev speaks to me, claiming that the captain is complaining about being discharged. I’m sorry, I can apologize, but I don’t know when I # insulted the Kaggi Fa at the Duma. Former Inten - give me a word өtaa kap: Mӯ me, explain the demon. up The thought begins to explain that with him .. for the factory, plantar goods, they are served to the same poorly or yesterday’s brekz, I want to send a protest to the committee, I demanded boxes for packing this productfrom_______1658_______We’ll okruyasnogo Kazan commander to haunt our horse to the factory, he will take from Ruk the main quartermaster pөrөdѣ, carefully examine the tat and say, here’s the overgrown back, but, as described, this one. mѣs tѣ is considered “not acceptable, if you please write” to order that, of course, I will take it, General Shuvaliev take the hand of the lieutenant before me, asks to give him a pen and ink, sits down and writes the word in front of him: it’s broken out for him , then stood up, gives the lieutenant a hand and speak. Thank you so much and give it to me, in words I can give you the "right now, but tomorrow the next day and the next day will not remain in my possession, for any loss of service, then let me give you a visa, I’m a good visitor you know military service and a strict formalist. Vsel I declare publicly that at wartime., we all have to think about defending Russia and the army, while giving a pair of boots received during the front, it may be worth saving deprived of the "hizni soҳdata. You must work tirelessly with the promise of strength and opportunity and not be guided by the bourse, description, but by a sound signal сигна. If you are in need, not wanting to risk taking responsibility on yourself, urgently contact many. or a technical committee, day and night, we order and, within the bounds of law, in general, I’ll always go to meet you, I wish you every success and a productive service and a great deal of encouragement Zhdenii Zavadskalo’s escort “leaves”, saying that he will go to the senior employee, where he could come to all the officers. After half an hour, the main intern dant left the factory at the Olha Ushinov, and from there you went to Vyatka, where he examined the Laptev factory and said the same thing shut close_______1659_______*and nott-one5schikam and, with the evening two-way railway, the same day at. Hal in Petersburg. . . . . . . . . .I was very upset, not knowing what the chief Nepali said to the comrades, and especially Katitan Shum, Chan was challenged, but Cho was forced to apologize to captain Du 20%, and most importantly, I was * afraid that now I was stubborn. Num is finally proud, will work be worse? And completely slow down all the work in the factory ѣ I just managed to settle one nuryanoyat, I withdrew a long-term contract, not allowing to break the beam. "he and suddenly $ new big factory-sweat factory can stop and, by this path, we can’t carry out a short-term delivery and you run the risk of exposing you nyuotyuk, or else we’ll lose the proceeds for the bills and come up with urgent payments, but for them, protests, unjustified bills, bankrupt and complete "ruin." The first part I almost lost my temper to such a degree that I came in despair, even if I let in a bullet in my place. Utrom, there was a festive day, I went to church, from melted, howling rumor to the altar on my knees and the tearful prayer, except for. priest and deacon to No one, of course, didn’t replace it. At the end of the liturgy, the Don came and felt calmly at heart, and began to carefully think about the tin of the Chief Quartermaster. I realized that the last word I had been addressed to him was against vavodchikov, but for the fairness of the attitude of the factory workers to the breeders and for the success of the work, and, in the event of misunderstanding, the clips were resolved. for the second time, on the Opshnom order, apply personally to the main quartermaster. That reflection of thoughts calmed, moreover, that I knew of the lack of any non-legal two in our phiri and then there was nog,,......._______1660_______,,,,t. fourhe was afraid. tva1111 te ya Mumb may say that he wants to be against our firm, but it will be possible to demand evidence ѣ and the following from tviya and, in extreme cases, will again have to turn to the same Finnish lawyer and attract capital to Mum for clover. In addition, I recalled that we, against the spirit, of digital material, indisputable and recorded by children, are the journal of the work of the Quartermaster at the factory. This all reassured me. _ја СЛЕуюцій дЄ Нь, Sun Mon-Fri, in the morning I went to the factory, forI go to the single room, where the boot is about to take place, and I see two buyers standing: an ordinary official, who had the main fend sentant and captain Zhum. As if nothing had happened, I approach them, call them both by name and honor, say hello and give my hand to the front official, and then to Captain Mumt, but he does not give up many hands and is distracted by privations, silently turns away. I didn’t say anything and went away from the E, so that no one saw this newcomer. Such an act is no matter how excited I am, I don’t know that I don’t have enough time to spend money on Mu and you could always expect such a trick from such a person. If you sent something like that, someone serious, well-mannered and smart, then tweeterbut to everyone this might seem offensiveѣ and c. I would like to think about how to take this into account, but re;% / mind I didn’t pay attention, I didn’t go for several days, but mi. Lagunov daily reported інѣ that kapit. Muz now accepts the goods for boots and the igloos are very good, so the factory is completely overwhelmed again. Klөykөnm goods, work ө satisfaction, work all day and release..rica_______1661_______elevenEvery day, 1000 pairs of boots are for the profile, or maybe you started to present to him a certain sort of shoemaking boot, Lagunov unscrewed, you know that the pattern is not worn every day, because the cut is the same as before, but even Fot merchandise, which had previously been captain Shu marriage, after leaving and chiefly in tvdavta. to praise and acceptsѣ and wholeheartedly acceptedѣ. Thank God, I got in the egg soon and I’m leaving IIterburg%, and Bn continue like this and take to the dacha and send daily copies of the journal of the bribes, according to the gift box, like that. If, again, a misunderstanding started with the captain. Mum and work again at ҹн өтѣ to stop at the factory, telograph the number so that I could show the telegram to the Chief Quartermaster and at the same time send to the Technical Committee samples of rejected goods with an official prototype Rum, but do not forget that. must be chosen by both parties and "both signed or sealed with wax seals from both sides."Prіkhav in St. Petersburg. I received daily copies of the magazine and 8% at home, I saw that it was going well which is going very well at this time. Having entered the common room I see that it’s the Geno’s burden ral Shuvaevѣ to go through the main room very excited and, alas, I stopped without giving my hand, saying: “write to the factory inspector for such a thing iodine ѣ I’ll give it away с I’ll immediately investigate everything "I realized that, apparently, only now it was received from the factory and the sector that it was taken from our_______1662_______. onestart about two months ago and, unfortunately, it came to the destination, then, when everything worked out well and went well, I rejected: I’m at your service, if I’m okay. - it’s not warns and is ready for responsibility, it’s very simple to appoint a hearing. Shuvaev turned his back on me and went to the staircase, to the apartment. I went out to the landing page and repeated it, then I respectfully ask you to appoint a follow-up. But he did not say a word and disappeared. After that, I only slightly got into a disagreement and contacted the Eye Institute for various "delivery issues." the bi was always 20 lavishly delicate, but never reminded of the last incident, no matter how nothing happened. But the case ended with the report of the factory inspector and where the captain had been transferred if there was any punishment for not leaving. or the matter was hushed up - none of this would have been known to us after 2 or 3 to put on the whole group of the intendant and kih prіmshchikov. The Ryatsk governorate was recalled to St. Petersburg and sent to the front as sexual commissaries, it is possible that at the same time they quit the war and the Kaltan Mum, and such provinces were sent to the entire factory by the new issue group members, officers and mediocre officials. !! and our plant% didn’t have a military officer with a higher education, engineer Aleksandr Sertievich Semenov, who worked on the project until the end of the war."when the Chief Quartermaster, with the master manager of the technical committee, returned to Petersburg, this one under the name of A.A. Zavadskiy, called the factory of the Osipov and Co. Gri partnership,” Iv. Boshurnikova, the director and showed him a pair of soles, 0% high_______1663_______:cheyanyl on facesѣ klәyolol two letters, 3.0. and asked Konturnikov: Was there a sole out of your factory. I'p.From „Koshurnikov Zal put your hands in the sole and look at it, unscrew it, and the soles of the cat, selected at our factory%. * when A.A. Zavadskiy asks how they delivered to the ear from one of the Vyatka factories, with svіzh. Veschen neb kөyom. Gr, Iv.Koshu approved it by mistake, by mistake of our visit, I was poisoning laziness once a carriage of soled shoes 5 was a bargain. the house of F.T. Vakhrushev Knnov was not branded, but later it turned out that they sent a hammer to the non-cutting stamp 3.0. / i.e. the factory, Osipova / and asked to turn over the skin and return the stigma to usѣ. Zavadskіya got hardened and said: “In old age, you help Vakhrushev to cheat and cover him, my leg will not continue to be at your factory.” Koshurnikov said, I’m sorry but sorry, but I don’t understand you, and I don’t see what you’re angry at all, what kind of fraud, I’m now telephoning Wahra - I’ve passed the neednost return our brand name. Behindimportant didn’t return anything to Koshurnokovllova and Dima, when the main Intenzhant and Zavadsky were at our factory, then Kali Zan Dum or someone else and83 employees, showed Zavadsky with high altitude. With the glue mom and scaffold, these soles are handed to us by the company like Pete of the Osilov plant in Burgos, but the stigma is colorful and the same is true for all the skins on this skin, it’s not visible, but, for the most part, the letters are colorful It’s clear that they just got the price from the factory. This is what we have with us since 11th, maybe these soles are not of the Seitovsk plant and are branded with glue. Osipov and without him choose ohm, because we take very much radio and slowly. A.A. Zavadskiy took this pair into his pocket, having tugged.oneT"THOSEand inB •_______1664_______ ..one...to show it to the director of the factory, Osipov, and if heѣ said: if it wasn’t the base of our plant and the brand was false, not ours, then our firm was finally convicted of fraud, and, thanks to the resourcefulness of the Technical Management Committee, it would be revealed in a big panama, because - a fake brand of strangers, the judge could award the highest m ѣ rusnakazaniya, a link to hard labor.* However, Mr. Zavadkom had to be disappointed in his own assumptions. Having received a telegram from Osinov’s guidance, I’ve shown: I’ll be in St. Petersburg, the stigmatized law and I will pass on to you, G.I. Koshurnikov, and when I returned to the Committee, they showed this telegram to A.A. The zavdannyѣ was dead and over. Did all this the main inventory manager know and how would Zavadsky explain to him that his assumptions did not materialize, many of which were not from Rustno. The main Quarters during the meeting and during the long conversations never once reminded me of these incidents, nor did Zavadsky, nor many, nor G.I.Koshurnikov reminded of this, and as it were, there were no misunderstandings It was concluded that we had the most beautiful and beautiful relationship.gі1. HereAt2By, the end of 1933. December. 35 Petersburg military court% of the quarter, including the defendants included the head of the department of the chief ntendantskogo administration colonel Akimov. At that time, I was in Shturburg andone"_______1665_______.one5p.having finished the case, he was going to find out how the house had received a report from Stok that jav: 13van witnessed a military court% on the bottom of the regiments of Nick Akimov, from the defense. To the greatest possible displeasure, I had to stop by: how many days I have to leave 11 doh: get it. Super debate. On the appointed day I appeared on Tue court, c. witness number, meet on 11.13 T.ME of the main I. ETYandanta B5 numbers from the viewers, from the side of you and others. They brought us all oath. to the side of the announcement of the protection of all with the residents wouldLo up to 50 lәlovk. The trial began, they began to call witnesses one at a time, h. and interrogated, but the rest si didn’t see the woods of the children’s rooms, didn’t hear what happened in the training room ако .. not: b, during the break, yes, Colonel им Akimovso with his lawyer 5 rocked that same G C view room, got better from the main Inten Dan tom, of "- no, talk, then trill% oznik, Akimov walk past me, give me his hand out" comrade, can you speed up 2, questioning me, I’m in a hurry to leave to Wtk in two Nym - dulam. olio Nikakimov, ot ti. L, I think it will be possible to ask to interrogate Baat out of turn and I let go, now I declared it through my lawyer kata. He interrogated a lot and went to court for his own !!! Advocate Tom. There they interrogated the next guy from the 30th side of the phone Heiniya. It took half an hour before his interrogation ended and then yes the aviator of the sorcerer, ka Akizova, declared that, from the side, they didn’t appear where you said11. features suppliers, for non-delivery + 3postavailable to the addressee, and friends didn’t show up due to illness, prislav, doctors to a certain degree of mercy. Lvivsh i Yoya P. A. Vakhrushevt, Vyatka shoe factory and course. That, I live through the front of the court to interrogate him out of turn_______1666_______and let it go, as it is imperative for him to leave the factory for his urgent matters. Considering him to be very important for the correct behavior of my client, I support this request and ask the court now to interrogate and let go, and then we must of the father, chief Intendana to gene rale schuvaev, I also request not to detain the witness roomѣ, to interrogate and release, if I decided to satisfy the harassment of the defendant’s lawyer, the prosecutor did not mind and I was called Bir It gives mnѣ ordinary formal questions: name, patronymic familіya, age and so dalѣe. I took all this away, and thenpopѣ calls on the defense attorney and say “ask.” Advocamilitary uniform, sitting next to Colonel Akikovymas, sun: Tal speaks to mn®: please tell me, dear Mr. Vakhrushev: remember, you’ve been smoked. how many breeders came to the Main Quartermaster Office after the sale and complained to Colonel Akimov about the matter. Stviya okruenogo military but vvіvѣta for violation of the general procedure for the sale of trade. Not expecting such a question, I was confused and said that I didn’t remember the chance, or, perhaps, I don’t understand the nose of the question you asked how we could complain to the head of the Main Military Command about military activity, I think if you can complain about the district military council so only if the military then the lawyer speak, yes, I didn’t clearly formulate, to get in bed. During peat bog: St. Petersburg okrukhsnom military council. You discerned, during the production of bargaining allowed okrug; "In your opinion, the Soviets, in your opinion, are unlawful, the Soviets, someone and the Warsaw suppliers have been admitted for the grid and have seen_______1667_______{.a chairѣ not far from the table, short, ambush. XT (ecru :: Tyu ѣoe}} that I had created a tender, but the rest, the rest of the contractors, stood: on the round side of the rush, on your foot: Bo26 this fact, you’ll take it: {say envy haz said !!: ten, Antsky ugra Leniya to the chief about the whole history of Niya.lt whether you remember this fact, or not: it’s what. Her e know Vasya is something; embarrassed. Because you thought it was unacceptable, Iio1 oh from ѣ chak yes I am a marketer. I dyotvitelno what about it was like, but so long ago it was very difficult and sat down often, I will continue: oroltorgy military district. Cps tom svі: of course rusoobrazov and publicly, because the occult Council at the table 3, and the contractors all standingwhether on the legs, in another kontsal, behind the barrier. 5. Akhlukh, the additional producer, recounts the number of 1 sealed packages, one-timeHe reveals “5 of them and chi eh their, and the contractors to stand з з write piro chi tan kyya to keep their icons and to leave, in cyEY: Th, without them, decides chyn ts: 1: 1 sannya 8+ Year H and com: how many members 0 to approve. But, clearly, once we saw an extraordinary fact, which is far from the table by the window. Here, it’s not a military uniform, but a civilian suit in and out, that sign is on the subject, apparently the contractor is i1 xe and the contractor, both and writes down the prices all the other packages ryevyh. "Then we were surprised who is this and why does he use the power and property over us, is on the other side of the barrier and is sitting in a chairѣ. But was he also at that: the one that was mature: substance, were not his secret secret that was hidden from us. Thus, it was easy for him to easily compete with the% 5th secret price, to take everything under a row, leaving him 1 supply without delivery. Look, this is complete nev. We were worried and indignant, but by the end of reading all the packages_______1668_______14..it turned out that from the unknown (the company didn’t have the package and everything was announced earlier, I only announced that I was behind the barrier. However, we were even more surprised and worried: who is this and conceded, that * side a barrier and whether it will be provided with a supply ... without a hiss ekeche nago declared {i {{a. I or 2% lower than these, they declared NO. Trt H. Discussing this age among themselves, I and 86 of the St. Petersburg Military District Council have entered / on the way, each and every landlord management, each of them is in accordance with their wishes; for, and as usual, For help, we called for help the official room of the superior from Dt: laziness, who gave official inquiries to requests. Since the military Council, whether it was he who filed a complaint, but only had a lot of impressions, I don’t remember that we turned the head away from it and from that, or from whom or another that person si dBie u o on the other side of the barrier, not far from a member of the district military council of the Soviet Union, there appeared a rioter of the uniform of the waster and 8 Rarszaw uniforms, which were totally 5. In competition. Colonel Akimov’s lawyer addresses the second question about salt? VE. Are you Mr. Mr. Pisarevim and when and under what circumstances did the fs get to know him. 11th offer. It’s on to you and anyone else, delivery on your own, bargaining, and under what conditions: b.% I want to buy from the Church of the Holy Father, I know my ear for 3-4 years, it’s not right. For all of us, the Vyatskiye breeder is on Pisarevym in the Ob; прмъ прі өмѣ at the Glavnago and no one is ### ikhevral. Kami yukvei, we immediately froze, "..to i•.. . . . .. .._______1669_______that General Kami Yaskij carefully listened to the suggestions of Mr. Pi Sarahwa “and agreed that it would be useful to develop Pisarev’s wide initiative on opening the quartermaster’s exhibition, but considered it necessary to discuss this issue carefully with his staff, chiefly of those administrations and the technical committee .ft after that, Mr.Itisarev repeatedly went over to us $, all Vyatakim was a contractor to chikam, sometimes we treated him to breakfast with us, maintaining his friendship knowing that he enjoys good authority from the Head of the Quartermaster Camino, I communicated to us, in case of something new, e sodѣystvіe during the course tabivah unto glavnom Intendanstvѣ. At one time, they even said, with chamekas, that he could arrange a big bargain for the boot, but the offer was not determined, by what amount and on what terms. The General. We began to meet Pisarev at a later time with the Internationals, but one day we got in with him and asked him when the Ivtendan squad would take place, Pisarev rejected, you need to wait, I have established such a good relationship with General Shuvaev, but : about the exhibition slows down the head of the department Colonel. Akimov, but he’s not terrible, I’ll remove him from the road. After this conversation, I no longer met with Pisarev, but the official of the State Ba Nka offered me a lot of supplies of soldier’s half a million pars, but indicating the source of exactly who was making such a blank. Personally, such a large supply was not affordable. I spoke with Vyatsky! the manufacturer. A.P. Dolgushi nimѣ and m обаt both agreed to take this supply together, if they were offered suitable conditions and terms.onefour.Sep 14,_______1670_______ . . . damage to the general nation, supplies for commissariat. Although he didn’t get too tidy, having received our principal agreement, a sum of 500,000-part desks, I was prepared to declare to us in the name of Chief Quartermaster General Shuvaev that we, Vakhrushev and Dolgushi, are ready to accept the delivery of 500,000 pairs of boots for 2 % valuable below the average day of complex prices. , with a summer cottage in Vyatka factories, all year, but at the same time he demanded to advance, to give him an obligation: to pay him, for mediation and expenses incurred for this case, twenty-five kopecks per pair, you asked how this is e expenses and why such a large amount, this is so-so 125,000 rubles for a half a million quarter, Then the official told him that he was working not alone, and this bag would have to be split apart from the person who had a big connection to the main one. Intendanot, This was the reason the official was told that your proposal for this delivery was appointed, in our opinion, not for intendance, but for the border guard or, in general, somewhere else, we would be ready to take it, if you would, intermediation, and this delivery and pay you INo2% insignificantly and under the condition that the price was higher than the quartermaster. You offer us delivery to the office with which we have been working for almost fifty years and it is excellent that the procurement is exclusively for public trading, and therefore go back offered to the Chief Inspector backward and through intermediary, The essence of such an affair is categorically refused. More with this intermediary official, we did not see the battle. The lawyer asks; whether you see in this connection with the proposals of Mr. Pisarev or did you tell the officials of the bank that the amount of mediation will be extended to you with. Pisare_______1671_______revyaya or eat kѣm or others v Int to dance TV. 8 I want to say that he didn’t say either one or the other and whether he had some kind of relationship with Pisarev or whether they even knew each other as a friend, but not from all the same did not take to judge their mutual relations. Lawyer? again, the last question is asked: did you have an offer from the Chief of the Quartermaster, Colonel. Akimovѣ, the head of the department, supplying 80,000 pairs without bidding, according to the average sum of the total procurement. I made, I really remember this offer, which was sent to many other suppliers, but for some reason everyone refused and the rate was handed over, it seems that B% Warsaw, the lawyer of the interpreter Akimov, told me to ask more questions and not, Then the prosecutor asked me: why did you refuse to offer the offer, found it to be unprofitable, and Varpavskie contractors, with pleasure, for the same "proposed price when they hired forged supply, considering it, you probablysuitable It’s possible that their quality is worse. I told the prosecutor I already said that I didn’t remember why, “so they refused to take delivery, almost five years have passed since it’s been difficult to remember everything, and regarding the quality of the Warsaw boots, I I can’t judge whether they are better — ours or worse, because I don’t see them and haven’t heard anything about them. lv The prosecutor againSews, but how. You believe and what is your ininie if you take denya Vasөgo; te pr: zeto, it’s the basis for it, it’s not going to be, they are gaining, on the qualities. I am distasteful to the counselor that my information is not necessary for anyone and that it may be erroneous. If I say that the quality is higher than serogue, for example, factories may not believe this, but prove that the boots are different. factories, which I have not seen, will be even better than ours, and therefore I_______1672_______I repeat that I didn’t see the Warsaw boots I don’t take them to judge. When the Intendanot provides the contractors with the supplies, the conditions and refueling are published and we, while accepting the delivery, undertake to deliver the goods according to the announced conditions and the description of the offers is available to us. 80,000 pairs, then I remember he said that the delivery must be in full agreement with the general conditions and descriptions, and therefore I think that it was also given to Marshav on the same terms and conditions, varogi from Warsaw akih suppliers must be air-conditioned, not worse or better than others. or ours. The prosecutor said more questions — not by him and the forerunner announced me, you are free and I’m gone, Dil Filippov and S.V. Swedes and said that Pisarev was among the public and went. to the court president to ask that he be questioned as well, that he has something to say against. Your statement. In the rooms I didn’t go up to Colonel Aki10 wu and passed on to him what I had just heard from D.I. Filippov. Aki kov fluffed it to his lawyer, who denied that the public did not allow people provoked earlier, were not allowed by law, and capeBE, as a scammer, couldn’t be a witness, because the lawyer said many things, to my first question. You hesitated, and I was embarrassed that you would say later that you don’t remember anyone, it was a long time ago and you forgot, you don’t know, but then, remembering, so clearly distracted that the court had a firm conviction of your vices, your answer and your first hitch it served the good, the judge was convinced that the defense did not conspire with Kami, you didn’t even know what kind of dew would be offered and immediately told me that you didn’t understand some question. Referee You are free and nokhtө uzhzhzhat in Vyatka. I immediately._______1673_______the gorge and 8% sous even in the evening. at will. the heat is expensive at ikhal’s home, Breeders told many stories of D. Yves. Filipov, that the main Intenant General Shuvaev gave me testimony on saf, the lawyer first asked questions about the defense, defending the colonel Akimov and his depiction, as long as possible, they confirmed that, for example. the statement of 11th September of the quarter of the Quartermaster, and the return without bargaining of 80,000 pairs of medium-complex salts was made at the order of io, it was offered to many shoe manufacturers and, after their refusal, it was handed over to Warsaw for suppliers, which was to the approval of the Military Council and it was approved, upon completion of the questions of a lawyer, the prosecutor turned to General Shu Vayev: he was in front of you. testimonial from the defense P.A. Vakhrushev, and the number of shoe manufacturers, probably, he’s like the main quartermaster, i8vsten, I would like to know your name: is it possible to show him the floor Nemdovervlem said I know this factory # ta-supplier well and visited its factories ѣ At first, I turned to everything in 11 everything was completely complete, but then they, at the factories, had a misunderstanding of the contract, they pledged to put a sole on the back of a horse, issued to the owner: Om plant, and secretly, not asking for permission rѣshenіya of any steel set with sole chuhih, zavodov, ie purchased, by entering into the agreement with the customer suspect that they are in Belegalnyh state. , handed over to the investigator, but there was no clear evidence of abuse of abuse .ST: at that time, I felt shaky about this free. Everyone thoughtone2.t_______1674_______-that after the last statement, the chief Intendant nanny% damage. for the case of Colonel Akimov and obevtsil, Vakhrushev was shown. #therefore, when the prosecutor and the defense finally came to the attention of the prosecutor and the defense, it turned out that the lawyer who defended Colonel Akimov persistently and repeatedly emphasized that the chief, General Vakhendov, had said that the chief different questions, but unanimously confirmed the same thing, which is clearly proved, then the whole denunciation of Mr. lusarev was from the root of ambitious calculations and 8% of the feelings of mety, Ba facts denied the crimes and no corpus delicti for Colonel Akim ovym was not found, the kazva did not incur any "losses" and, to no avail, the judge finally acquitted Colonel Akimov.After the new year, Colonel Akimov, was again reinstated tapes on the service of the main commander’sand, shortly afterwards, he was promoted to major general, and, as a result of his dismissal as an assistant to the chief quartermaster, “I heard from some people that I’m intent on TV, as well as I’m in the main and okrug’s district who will follow the trial or personally, they openly said that the regiments Nik Akimov poisoned the clean thanks to showing P.A. real benefit.elevenFirst acquaintance with Andreekh Andreevich. Zavadkadiya, occurred approximately in 1909 or in 1910, when he was a masterә_______1675_______.grum after you had a partnership with the Partnership Alaf aovskih your factory and factory and was called the technical director at the factory in Kazan, it’s only after V. Vyatka’s office, during his lifetime, Constant on II ich Nazarov and, according to his advice, A. BUT. Zavadskiy pr1ѣkhal KE us in the village first time and said that, taking advantage of the cases? m stay. They have some advice to I. Nazarova, prikhihalt purposely in our village, get to know you personally and look at our factory. if you are interestedTo familiarize yourself with our device of the Kazan plant, I ask you to favor me, and I, as a patient and pleasure, will show you that you will do it. I showed him my factory and at that time the extract started already in tanning and equipping the shoe mechanic factory. An. An.Zavadskі 11, apt. a scientist who’s not leather, aim for some defects in our equipment and advised me to visit in the village of BogorodGEOR, the Nizhny Novgorod province, an exemplary scientific school of food production and a small exemplary tannery? factory at this school. Each business day of these establishments can be scooped up or visually assimilated +17: which is improved in order to change the equipment for large factories. I thanked him for his calls and for the invitation to post ZavolAlafuzov in Kazan. Sorry. We didn’t have to use it for the last time, because, after taking the yellow road from: Vyatka to St. Petersburg and Moscow, and then we stopped crossing Kazan. It used to be when we steamed onto the ship to the Lower city fair or vice versa, we, halfway there we stopped at Kazani and at the wharf We traveled to the city and during this time it would be possible to: post A. A. Zavadskago at the Alabuzovsk plant and inspect, at his suggestion, the equipment of the Alabuzov plant. But after 1909 I_______1676 _______уяа өнөт one at the Nizhny Novgorod Fair blown up by rail, dor. through ө terburg and the carrot, the same way and Kazan didn’t turn up again and c5 A, A. Zavadokim did not meet until he saw his office ѣ Head of the Quartermaster Quartermaster IIuvaeva II St. Petersburg together with Nikolai Nikolaevich. Alafuzov. But I advised him to visit and self-sacrifice “the village of Bogorsky, the Nizhny Novgorod governorate school and the exemplary scientific tannery, I still had F headѣ B% 1911, prіihav. at the Nizhny Novgorod Fair, I, Tue: the first time, I was invited to: Number of members of the accounting committee of the fair distance of the Nizhny Novgorod State Bank. From the first days, the price was otherwise settledAccounting Committee, I met at: members of it, together with many, including them, as a leather breeder in the village of Bogorodokago Vasily. Semenovich Khokhlovym, with whom I talked about the cohleven of Nykh dulakh and other things, asked him about the Bogorodsky leather school образ an exemplary factory ’, saying that Alabuzov’s infantry was not our teacher, he needed to take up the school ? Zavod gave my card to the directors of the plant, a letter of recommendation was opened. Khokhlov, said that there is especially nothing to inspect, but not far away, if you want to, take a look, by the way, here is my address in the village of Bogorodsk. There, come in my don, get acquainted with my sensyv. Seychaar tan uti - to plant the factory my second son. Alexey Vasilievich. Please be sure to tell him that the sign is different, he will take it and, if you wish, he will show the plant .. I thanked him, took the card and said “if I’m going to Bogorodskoye to inspect the training plant, then I’ll definitely go and get to know the“ Alex ” Vasilievich and_______1677_______other sons of others whom you rub in. At the same time Vasiliy en. Hokhdov turned up, wait. I’m until August 15 and then I’ve gone 2 ° vía tѣ, I’ll be back, giving 2–3% and raise% - both of them are good. I said that I’ll stay for 2-3 days without anyone’s foot because -dbo and Yaria Rochnaya will not leave anyone in bed, and, moreover, on August 15th. -this is the height of the fair and it is possible that for many days you won’t be able to go anywhere at all. But if I finally decided to go, then I’ll go right away while the fair is still in the beginning and I have little to do and wear clothesand bitches, snowshoeing B% (әlі Bogorodsky. It’s not possible to go to the morning steamer and go back in the evening, V.A. Khokhlov, in detail, how to get there and when you need to go to the steamboat along the Okay and to which pier, etc. e. to Dudөnөvo, and there to hire horses to the village of Bogorodokago and back in the same way, although you can enter by the desired route through the dance of Rajatapivo and from there you also need to ride the horses. 4 thanked him and “the next day in the morning went 8% Vedo Bogorodskoe, without any luggage. Upon arrival at the place, I directly went through .. school, did the school of tanneries get to the director, show him the jacket? AA. Zavadskogo and otre - komnҳovalova. The directors took me very carelessly, led $ - throughout the school and the scientific factory, everything was fine, but I’m so special - Nothing — national. I expressed my gratitude to the director and went in search of - at home - Vasiliya: Вөм. Khokhlova: Ham - me. very kindly - meet me Alexy Vasilyevich, I don’t remember which one, because of this, my brothers and I said little cabinet, yapyah - mute, this „Iri, entrance% -name vatrtilaamo odaya lady, that's my matchmakerRA, betrayed by her Aleksey Vasilievich Elena Vasilievna and foreign_______1678_______mumbled and sat down at the small table, the table. After a few minutes of ego. the lady brought in on a supply of a glass of tea, took the light to the stage and took $. with taka nѣ, she responded to the beat and, talking about Alexey. Vasilyevichөm, startedѣ drinking tea from a glass, but the tea turned out to be 2 a little warm and very liquid. I must say that I’m totally unhappy about sipping tea, but I’ve finished drinking glasses, and having talked with the young Xox brothers, I asked them how and where to hire horses to return to the Dudenovo pier or to the Rastyapino station. They gave me all the necessary instructions, I thanked, forgiven me and left me. No one. more tue I didn’t find Bogorodskot®, since there were no signs, however, I didn’t have it. V. I couldn’t win Bogorodokom, not knowing if there was a restaurant or a dining room and had a bite of bread and ham and eggs, I got to the steamer, and in the first grade I returned to the Nizhny Novgorod Fair in the evening. Embed again V.S. Khokh Lova: in the accounting committee I said: “You are right, nothing special was found for me at the training factory, but however, I do not regret that I at least understood the currency in exchange for:. EROM educational plant - дѣ. Our Vyatskra provincial administration talks about the% open1 and in the Vyatka province of a similar leather school and educational and visual school. Eugene of the plant.After a year I accidentally met with. Zavadsky in the main quartermaster's administration, where he appeared to be samples of the parts of cato - the reaping goods and, in the presence of N.N. Alafuzova and several. Vyatokih .. breeder, demonstrated before the chief Quartermaster ѣ kak. and from what is the proper boot% built and what should I pay most attention to. During the demonstration Zavadskago General Shuva_______1679_______өvt asked some kind of question om kѣ Ғam, Vyatka, to the breeders about soft boot goods. From the edge of the siadѣlѣ Alexander To a half-hearted question from Gen. Ale Ale Shuvaev, he rejected and added: Allow me, Your Excellency, to ask your questions. nowadays, having shone the Vyatskago and Kazan regions, it is not possible to have softly sold goods for the needs of soldier's boots. / Almost 100% of the required quantity of boots is delivered to the Vyatka and Kazan regions /. The main source is that it is better to eat. Dolgushin. ask, call where. why they do not deliver to the treasury. Here is the Chief Quartermaster turned. 5 Name Zavadsky, Andrey Andre Vich. I say, of course, there are, for example, in the village Bo Gorodsky there are up to four factories and even there is a bogeyman school and an educational visual model tannery ”, with a special director-director Glavѣ, Then A.P. Dolgushi asks. why don’t they supply the quotation, probably because they don’t produce the goods that are not suitable and not suitable for the Quartermaster - here is the main quartermaster, General Shuvaevѣ, to speak, but here we put them to work out the air conditioner and deliver the treasury. A.P. Dolgutinѣ said, yes, it is for the future, e. If you have passed and if we are current, I repeat that calculating pestors into the treasury of soft goods is not a big deal and that soft goods are better than Vyatskago Kazan Kazan raonov. Neither the main Invendant, nor A, A, Zavadkіy, were right.continue the conversation to thistopicVakorѣ after this we learned that A.A. Zavedsky invitationMainBHIME 12 TOOLjuzure -1. INTӨND TOA4% of the general housea rum teacherQuartermasterOёh for some •_______1680_______to the military department and, temporarily, correcting the duties of the managing technical committee under the main Quartermaster Directorate and having prevented the first rank of the Collegiate registrar. He kindly thanked me and, Omulov, said, yes, not Gvѣral’s motot, but the youngest and the order and the other end of the “college registrar. If yes it is necessary to me, then again, probably, I will return to Kazan, to my own, of us: Өe. "the dying Quartermaster was new, However, black 82 every two days the Chief Quartermaster, represented A.A., Zavadoky, to the alumni, and we met the main warrior for a general meeting with our new epaulettes and our priests always overwhelmed with thanks, as atarniz friends. Look, he said, I'm going to sweatI owed my thanks to the Chief Quartermaster and introduced myself to him in a new rank and thank you for the promotion and attention. But I don’t know how long it will last. During the Russian-I'erianskago Sovѣtnika, ъ Order of St. Vladimir 4 thaw, ө shinөlѣ on a red lining ѣ with a lapel. Here, they congratulated on the full achievement of the highest official career, general position. .In my previous chapter ѣ memoirs, I often named him Andrei Andreevich Zavadskіy, and sometimes general5 Zavadskіv. For% yotvitelnosti, the first time sheep was not yet. general and I don’t remember exactly when he received the ә ә аль аль ч rank, ѣ ѣ ѣ ѣ ѣ ѣ howl._______1681_______not or her ending, I can’t say yes.The relationship to many A.A. Zavadskogo were, at first, when it wasn’t yet a trainer of all good things. Odin nov ov invitations - force me to avbѣ to the apartment, not as a quartermaster, but. as a former tanner-masterѣ and invited me for just tea, a kind of ѣ ѣ ѣ визита visit, for his visit его to my factory ’with his visit from Kazan, to Alafu’s technical director, Were An. An. Zavadkiy yay naғ, widowed or idle, definitely I don’tcash and no one knewѣ. When I came to him, he went to the booth and pulled out and 8% of the foreign German leather magazine for - it’s grouped. қ% and amounted to a $ leather textbook in Russianѣ, I introduced Botolova to him. as a mistress, I said, this is my mistress, who feeds and feeds changing a lonely, atary, zholotyak .. There was a rumor that he brought her from Kazan, she was, as if, the widow of a priest and vein of Kazan, as a housekeeper, but I don’t know for sure how much it is vicious or industrial, and I can’t plant it .lic for what reasons. A.A., Zavadskiy moved from Alafuzov to the director's office and a hundred intents. At first, many were very surprised, since Alafuzov received large amounts of money and headed the entire plant management. Your assumption was that, probably, Alaf’s in the belt “to make a secret for the Chief Quartermaster, yielding to him his own glory as a master. When we saw that he was quick and easy, he didn’t lose his job. then the linden understood that he was giving up his career and all the time was not a foregone and a forerunner, and Ala fuzov did not begin to trample his roads, did not keep him while he was in chargeonenother.._______1682_______ - "When I had troubles with the commissary and officer-guard officers" by the students, then, as already mentioned, from the absence of the Chief Quartermaster I became very dry and strictly off-guard, then there were A.A. Zavadsky perelғѣnil to many relationships, ata - tried to avoid meeting with mine. There were times when I came to the Technical Komi Tat for any information and asked the new manager of the technical com, for leatherwork, through a dummy manager, then the duty officer, having reported to his office, returned to leave to leave, but he didn’t manage he wants and offers to summarize briefly on the help sheet how I can, what kind of help is needed .. put on the sheet the necessary help ”and, on the contrary, he answered the question briefly: yes or not or you write, you will go in two days after the answer tom.Ko where zhslѣdepvie io: "the lieutenant colonel Khudilov’s group ended and the group of officer-kuristy primeschikiѣ, who made a denunciation of Lieutenant Colonel 2 Khudozhilov, was withdrawn from the Vyatka province and was replaced by other students, everything went wrong and went wrong again terminated the contract Hrkutsk contractѣ. Then gradually the relations with the chief Glavnago Ivtendant began to improve, and during the war, especially when the frim was filled. / That is, she turned out to be the largest supplier of Vyataya Gubi hi; then the main 'Quartermaster' is completely out of relationship with me and steel, as a rule, very good. AA Zavadkiya is again very fond of steel, and even warn me about it. to work with him not to aggravate relations, but to turn to him_______1685_______..They see a puddle of raw materials, we get two options, with half of the poifuats seen by the cohv. I, in my statement, wrote that we got twelve and a quarter fu ata koyai from our raw material factory. In: postpone questionnaires at the post office in Petroburg, the post-fair was held in the words of Fot through Peterburg. and take part in technical cooperation with the Komi Republic. When did the time go by? It turned out that some alreadyhali according to: dovkam in Vyatka, earlier appointed zaagchiola, and still managed to finish the yarmara business and had to reach the end of the yar - mark for several days of the entire Vyatka group, I alone went to Petersburg. at the meeting of the technical committee for the discussion of questionnaires - Ннхѣ reportsѣ breedersѣ. .. . On the appointed time, at the appointed time, at 2 hours, yes I come to the Technical Committee and I see at most. hallѣ, tables were set, rest, covered with redукclothѣ; Petersburg - skie plantar breeders with their masters began to gather, Prishalaptav ј e Niko - bai Nick. Alafu Vov, Nikolai Nikolaevich Kalikins and Galich and many unfamiliar people. Uradѣv me, AA, Zavadkii greeted and, I’ll concede, what if you don’t get 0%, all of these breeders .. I answered, almost all gathered Vyatokіv breeders from the Nizhny Novgorod yard, drive through St. Petersburg and send you a visit to ө Thni cheskom Konite ’, for now I’m not seeing anyone, and it seems that I’ll be the only one from the group’. very important. . . .. The intention was opened and A; A. Zavodokіy, at the General Directorate of Medicine and the Order for Sheѣ “sat down beside Predatelө%, which I did not want to open% and said that, in the case of wartime,_______1686_______ - in the interests of the best possible outfit for the sale of goods from the Russian merchant, at the suggestion of the Chief International, the Technical Committee equal, the questionnaire according to the highest standards to the breeders and, upon receipt of the request, the main owner breeders, to review the received answers and discuss their details ”by the company I declare the open request $, Vae, General A., A. Zavadekiy, I will be a speaker. General Zavadskiy declares that he has your questionnaire elevators pr vmotrѣdy, was dismantled and rsheno that view them "unto vsѣh general zaeѣdѣnі Re may not be enough time, so the second" vydlzhlya dvѣ profiles of vydѣlkѣ podrshvennyh kom and dvѣ profiles povydѣlkѣ myagkago valozhnego tovara.Nachnem from rezemotrѣ their podoshvөn GOVERNMENTAL kozhѕ. Oiz takes out and 85 portfolio of the questionnaire of the Osinov and Co. plant. Oah reads it, dvlvөtz along the way with his deputies and leads the scientific theoretical calculus. Maturz Zavod Ovipov, and so insists on his high school education, begins to rise up and prove, also by scientific theory and practice, and, in some arguments, the general. Zavedekago didn’t hear the words of the world. Zavadekago, and in others it was sometimes creepy and the whole hour went on, Navovtsi completed the above questionnaire and sent them to review the questionnaire of the soft shoe product GzzryalZavіdokіy got 8% of the portfolio and two questionnaires, and,.Pannounces that the oaz deliberately took two drug outlets, equal to ions and the most extreme outlets. Opening a cake at home of F.T. Vakhrushev, the sons of the Vyatka Province, Slobodekogo, uzda, show in their vudnyakh that they have two children from the supply of raw materials to the factory. mkone_______1687_______:With a quarter of fuvҰ issued leather. The plant% Nikolai Nikolaevich Kalinin, of the Vologda province, from the city of Galich, shows that indium is produced from raw materials from fourteen pound-seeded cow. Theory of the prize, prize-winning, n. R. Kaliki on more than almost equal to reality, A.A., Zavadkiy begins to prove that the skin, afterglowing and with the appearance of hair, blacks out such a percentage of%, afterwards, absorbing tannin juices, increases the percentage by only a little. and, with Karaodatem in the hands of the water - Var and reportsѣ, cher should, by theory, get 14 1/4 and a little lo 14 1/2 pounds, but, in practice, of course, it is acceptable to fluctuate in fu a ,a, sometimes because of the quality of the tannins materials, but the flood and you’re ready to recognize the stars, the reprimand of the gentleman Kalikannya is just the right one, but I can’t reconcile myself with the names of the Vyatka breeder Vakhrushev, because I know that I personally didn’t like to exchange this money several times the factoryKalikinakh fully expected that at this factory one could get at least 14 1/2 pounds. issued by the willow of every belly snatch. They were silent, no one. He objected and did not dispute the words of General A. A.24-. wadskago. Here, the predecessor noticed that he had shut up for Wadocia, he had fallen off. glancing and interrogating whether Mr. Vakhrushevѣya I recallolpani amica health and prvafatiya to many, maybe Bn, besides Vakhrushov, acknowledge that an error occurred. It’s by chance and promise to check on:. factoryѣ and again send additional svѣdѣnіya. .. . . Ya. I distract: Your Excellency, they are no one's bets, the vex of this is more accurate, taken from books, and not from the ceiling, but from what is shown. vvoa does not work, and puda onrya issued nago.dto proudly_______1688_______ - explain what kakѣ vani tzu, zavodѣiki, takѣ and our craftsmen and personally of malogravachane, tanning dѣlo ¢ nіsizucheno practically not tө0 - rөti chedki as our dѣdyrabatyvali, takѣ and prodoҳzhaөnv. I don’t know that I’m a dialectician, I graduated only from the city school, but II bow to% science and I’m yourselves, sinovyad I try to give my degree about profound funded education, I’m drowning, but I see that science and technology “yes - # # go to the front. having a higher obrezіalnoe educating Ві за, all the time I couldn’t succeed in fooling for the new years Navka vtkodөvөn nonѣ # affairs, I myself saw more than once for foreign magazines and the fact that he was so good at learning four things to do pounds I’m completely sure, let us know that the gene өralѣ Zavadokiy will teach and also ө budөnya, see the same amount, if it’s profitable for casinos, ѣ tъm бол bolar, To otamoxw the leaders are code leaders ант tантndantokoy, and I’m both the same providers, but I paused about the door. I fell silent. The teacher silently looked at the General of the Favad. He pokrao nulya, said $ we will continue. Wait a minute, they already talked about the issue and all of them said that all questions had been settled, and that there was no need for wind, the main commander of the order - a child to re-assemble the mixed comm. The bailor announced that they were closed and went home. eleven .On the next day, front. When I went to Vyatka, I went to the chewing shop to Mikhail Vasilievich Makashov and he smoked at my wife's navy3 applodioman tana. I ask in surprise what this is about. M.V. Faksimov, said, "yesterday, when you were to learn the words: I went to the shop, directly" from the entrance to the technical committee_______1689_______ - V.N.Kaliki in and told how yesterday you slapped a slap in the face of General 3a vedokovak so that he had turned out to be cancer and couldn’t find anything to turn you off. ? he was forcefully summoned by Deputy Zavadkii and when he began to read the Kalikinaku and Vakhrushevak questionnaire, about Kaliki ar sat on needles and worried, not knowing what would be "scolding Vakhrushev" and suggested that he would prove that about Kalikip, it was issued for a private the market, and you don’t have any access for Kazan and service, or whatever you do for it: the Rhodians then lie down, protest him against Vakhrushev and the pick begins. But Vakhrushev, either half-heartedly or more, while the general ѣ Zavadkii spoke, all өvidѣl and .. remained silent and smiled slightly. It was clear to us that General Zavad6 was an okay garden, something personally against Vakhrushev and fell for the possibility of an unpleasant incident .. We watch спокойно Vakhrushev calmly, even ironically, distracts ѣ and confirm the correctness of their numbers, which are not taken from the ceiling, and 8% of books,%, but declares that the poor-looking orchid, but admires the% science, only proves that the general Zavadki і is only : in general special education, I’m educated, but I also want to follow up on science, which goes forward and again knows what it’s like to calculate General Zavadsko and I’m very scientific: 8of the commandant’s office There is a better leather specialist, so let him teach us all and the suppliers, in the interests of general business, then we’ll also hear 14 1/2_______1690_______ - pound. When Vakhrushev finished, I only sighed lightly and was glad that he would see me and no other breeders would be fornot a single word15. On the contrary, he humiliated himself, engaging in illiteracy "anaz, and inspired General Zavadokago, napia his bestspecialty toms, he smiles faintly all the time, it is clearly visible that he is publishing, and not to complain about anything. I was. I was delighted with His rejection and, would there be any kind of will with. Vakhrushev, so would Ravtsloval өgo.M. V. Maksimov turned out that he had been calling Vakhrushev for a long time, it was one of them. best friends from Vyatka breeders and neverYou can’t use a%. You can prepare Zavadsky to prepare “I’m a pill,” he instantly puzzled his “unaware” and forcedto shut up. Whether these questionnaires ended and whether they brought treasury or anyone else any benefit, no one had heard of us. Nobody dragged us out on this issue and didn’t announce anything. By the end of the war I almost didn’t meet with Zavadsky’s military leader, and after the war, during the revolution, I heard that he had left the Intendianism and served with the Bolsheviks inNizhny Novgorod Novgorod engineer at some kind of mechanical factory. He ѣ wind ’with my son Никол Nikolai Petrovich’ and sent him a great bow.|P.A,,."" Finishing obѣdѣnіya about енд quarterly commander-officeraxiof the former at the factories “Vyatokoy guberpish, I find in the city to say a few words and about them” and my family life is partially owned, for the supply and for the acquisition of a relationship with the factory owner._______1692_______went to the factory% to the beginning of the robotѣ. Are these ignorance of the habits of amusement? from the beginning there were 1-2 times I’ve gone, and the costs became more and more often and at the end I turned out to be “daily.” At A.P. Dolgushi the family had a large 6 or 8 children .. The eldest daughter, Flana Alek. It was already 15 1/2, very much. lively. Kapi taya Vatnan took care of her a little, and she, povidiona, felt each other vividly, and, as a result, they fell in love with each other. Nali Ta Barnav sent her an official proposal to terminate a legal marriage, she agreed that the parents turned to her parents, but the parents found a complete difference in the summer, blessed them more than twice as many nevfons, and did not agree to marriage. ilenikh and novesta povidishonu, took into account the arguments of the parents of the bride, they made it clear that they didn’t insist, and the captain Vatman, having visited the Vyatka plant, stopped spending the night in Dolgushi’s house and hired a roomman in Ryazantsv. , on Spasskaya ulitsa in Vyatka. :Elena Aleksandrovna Dolgushi began to secretly go to him on a date with Ryazantsev’s number and keep a secret correspondence with them when they came to be their governess. Sometimes, taking away the 0% governess to the theater, taking the box, Elena Al, during the performance, left Ryazantsev’s new age and, by the end of the performance, the B% theater governess returned. The governess didn’t tell anyone, but at the end of the performance, they returned home to . Drivers did not suspect anything.A.P. Dolgushi had left Kuturgburg and their wife were the same as St. Petersburg and the fourth, went to the theater, a noble gathering, on the corner of Nevskago and Morskaya. After the performance there were dances and we stayed in December, it was very_______1693_______it was fun and in a good mood. I didn’t notice that the boy brought and gave from the Nariyaz hotel. A.V.Dolgushi we see the ornate telegram and then we see that Chsovlander Petrovich and Yekaterina Yakovlna were separated from us, and both of them are very sad and anxious. As a 22nd wife, we thought if they had solidified for something and moved away from us. Then they woke up with us and left: to the hotel. I ask Alexander Petrovich, what are the cases? moose, for which Bg became angry with us. He waved his hand, nodding and undermining what, and I just got an unpleasant telgra from my house ..! - well, probably tomorrow we’ll go home, I say wait two or three DR-> vmѣ orѣ prѣdөm, but he didn’t open it, you can’t, time doesn’t endure, probably tomorrow we’ll leave.In the morning, on the next day, A. V. Dolguni went to the head of the Intendant and asked to be taken separately to his office on an urgent, secret case. General Shuvaev immediately accepted the debt of Shөn out of turn and A.. Dolgushi showed a telegram to her grandmother, “Elena is serving as captain Vatdan, mi. detained, call the fast don ", Then he told the general - do shukaeva all the details of the matter, as well as the conversations of the parents of the village of Kali that nomatman, who showed a view that agrees with their arguments and not insisting on his own proposal and, taking advantage of the parents ’departure in Ifeterbur, it seemed, he prepared a meeting in secret to transfer the householder to a profile far away from Vyatka and to mean the plant for another householder of his family.. _______1694_______Yes, it’s General Shuvaev expressed his full sympathy to him in his private life and in his grief, I myself am a nanny, who is my child Now. I’ll call Captain Vatma to St. Petersburg for announcements, and I’ll transfer it to somewhere on the outskirts of Russia, while I’m going to keep it on end - the Rocky warehouse%.AP, Dolgushi, having returned the main from the Quartermaster, now час hour, xө got together with his wife and left. Chief Ketendantѣ heededcapata to Vatian, required an explanation and threatened to expel in:. service. The captain in ssevani the profile of forgiveness and frankly razaka - I said that it’s too late, he’s "in the last case, obligated to the elite Aleksandrovna Dolgushina, at least even against the consent of the child - it’s a little bit. a clothing store. For twenty days, you must liquidate everything in Vyatka, and try to reconcile peacefully ә00 for the village of Dolgushi Navi, and in time for twenty days, until you relocate your duties and responsibilities Om in the town of Slobodskoy $ for 5 plants Nichael Ivan Fofanova. Upon returning from St. Petersburg, Keli and Batman settled in Svobodsky, in Demyanka, in the house Fofova is new, and the office officer took over the factory reception to A.P. Dolg ears. It took about a couple or two, there was a conversation in the city that Dolgushi’s daughter wanted to secretly end up with officer officers — com, but her grandmother asked, they telegraphed her parents, and her father asked Veterburg to change the address of the buyer, but Slobodsky with daughter Dolgushi n and in Khatkѣ it is sold secretly through couriersѣ._______1695_______B. State Bank, after the end of Rami Tut, the manager Vladimir Vladimirovich Shchglov invited me to an apartment for breakfast. But then, I’m not sure what’s said, it’s bad at A. Olgushi’s grief, I need to help him somehow . Here are your friends os Dolgushi nym, let’s, we curse Alexander Petrovich, that the ray - they gave their love for Peter and I’m married to Whatman, that’s all: anyway, keep the door locked and you shouldn’t keep the girl apart, because they remember then they will achieve their mission again, she’s going to get married, I’ve noticed whether it’s convenient for you to blame yourself for such family affairs. However, V.I. Shcheglov insisted, in order to speak 0% of Aolgushi’s name in general: eat it up, we called Dolgushin, he turned up at the factory, we asked him to send him when he checked in the evening, after the meeting, he would have come, at 8 o’clock pm kla Vla Yves. Shchglov, in a private but urgent case, also asked me5 to come by the same hour, Having gathered in the evening, we talked for tea almost two hours at a time. His family was Ivan Vladimirov. purposely sent to the theater so that no one would hear our $ conversations. he was silent more silently or only a subdivision, and Vladimir Ivan, persistently argued. A.P. Dolgushin, which should not impede marriage, if both sides agreed and separated from each other if they wanted to secretly re-enter, it would be the same if they insisted “on their own, they get married and run away. A, .Alushusha Nu does not he stopped scolding Captain Vatn that he was suitable for my daughter’s fathers, and embarrassed almost the wrong child and was still trying to get his own way. Having lost Tashkent, he would be forgotten, and before he left, we had to take a little precaution not to see him and everything would be okay. . Ivan Shcheglov proved_______1696_______Yours will not help in any way, and all your self-confidence will not be kept, it’s better, until it’s too late, peacefully put an end to it, without a scan gave, so that you won’t regret it. A.P. Dolgushin began to give up and blame Vetka on that, if they mutually mutually finished deciding the pack and would have been straightforward, but he was aware that we took them into account, that is. our arguments, did not insist, and he, between tѣuz secretly persuaded өe to reap and stop. 2 and so they conveyed: to the old Eve the tendent, that the last ones upset us the most and put up the opposite. If he would have been okay, and insisted bluntly, then, of course, didn’t obstruct it, we warned our daughter that she was still stupid and didn’t understand that such a difference in years didn’t fit at all, 25 or 28 years. and afterwards she will reproach us for not timely explaining it. whether they had her and were not harmed by such an unequal marriage. Now she is warned, and if she continues to insist, so God ate, let him give it in her own way. But I’ll still talk about it and on this I parted and went home .. Arriving home A.I. Dolgushi ө locked the door, the back light of the courtyard on FBatech and put down the web ѣ karma,, passed the front .. staircase, see if the door is locked and the key came out of the castle and the polo fell into your pocket .. I came into the bedroom, my wife was already in bed, I began to undress and tell him why he had been called out of office hours. “Shchggdov and P.A. Vakhrushev and gave her all the blessings to them in order to give Yelun’s consent to marry Whatman. Having talked, they sewed together, tomorrow they should tell their daughters all the last and last time, and if she will, insist categorically, then they’ll call the phonema on hut Slobogogo and say vchitevsya, blessers and after the blessings of heaven will depart in Tashkent. N. this moment at the front staircase rang out_______1697_______an alarming bell and, after two minutes a second, A.I. Dolgushin again dressed, shod, quickly from the stairs to the front stairs and saw him: there was a policeman soldier in the open door. Ah, Dolguli, you ask what happened and I’ll remember the door is open, I just checked it and it was locked. The policeman soldier said, I walked past, around the block, from a videl who also looked at the door or the girl came out of this door, got off the door and closed the door and ran around the corner, eat, take the door off. ru kahya reached the corner, looked, but didn’t see anyone, but it is possible that there was a horse here and she left. Tutѣ A.P. Dolgushi realized that his daughter had left and ran into her daughter’s bedroom, looked at the bed, наe on the bed, nt and raised the alarm. Immediately he summoned his son-in-law 1.8, Leah Cheva, the husband of his wife’s sister, and asked him to go to the аноlvano-road wok hall, but not to go there. Helena Al. “Then, with the first passing pass - to go home to Glazov, to inspect all the cars and, if you find her, to persuade them to return, generalizing the parents' unquestioned consent. At the same time they sent Sloboda’s commissar to Batman to find out whether their daughters were there and suggest that they both went to Vetka and there they were getting married immediately. asked, ,y: Before to Glazov, more than once. walked along all the wagons and neither Whatman, nor Vln. A. Dolguni didn’t sing at all, by the morning, he returned back. As it turned out, Cap.Vatman prepared ready: gam for a day earlier ubkhal and told her to wait for her at Perga and Elena Al, prepared in advance the second key for the front staircase, which she always kept. uvebd BB kafMA%, so that no one knew about this. B% agreed night horse, closed yaah ѣ peasant woman given once. valny, I expected for the corner, Bashmakovokad at home, i.e., not far from Dolgushin_______1698_______ I left the house and tad oidul peasant-Tatars in, "in a sheepskin coat, .. as if there was a delivery from the house and something else that would have been waited for, apparently. No one could have thought that he was expecting a% intelligent passaa; dirku. The horse was strong, hardy, 20 turns in. hour". As soon as Elena Al. she ran up to Khan’s pan, she lay down at Oani, Tatar, covered her doublet of Tulupol - and quietly kicked in the direction of Moskovskaya Street, almost a step, if even a policeman saw that it’s a little bit more angry horse. could uhat ”, only that the young lady who came out 85 don Dolgushi anz and hastily rustled: to the corner of Khataria I heard a quarter round and back along another street - I lowered it for the winter, and quietly, I went out to the river and from there I went to the right * having finished in Talatsu, according to the small price of it - gam took her to Kario, the Tatar tree, ajah Kari aa doo tavil5 in the rail .. dor. to the stationӣ Falenki or Zuevka. coming to St. Petersburg - going to Pөriѣ - he carefully brought her, dressed on the Yansky cross, a half-furry half-fur coat and a Yanskaya shawl tied to her red cross and made her pass through. then%, like a sick cross to a Yankee Tatark .. A. Likhachev passed Mino. and see this passage_______1699_______Vazan and from there already by n.d. through Moscow: Samara got into ѣ Tash Kөneї. Іroѣkhav a lot of versts of the extra way, they spent 3-4 extra days on the road. In Tashkent, shortly thereafter, they turned in and sent po - the parents a copy of the marriage certificate. In Tashkent, Whatman lived for a year or a half, he got them some underground gave birth to the 8th wine, and when the Russo-German war broke out, Lieutenant Colonel Wat man bt was sent to war as a sexual quartermaster, and brought his wife with him one year to bring Vyatka to Dolgun nim, and then I met the other half of the war halfway through the war. he wasѣ in Moscow he was in charge of some kind of outfit workshop of Intendanism, his wife accused him of neurology, officially divorced him, leaving his son with him and secondly married a young officer; Moscow in case of witching over with uniform trowelLieutenant Colonel Yakov Nikolayevich Khudozhilov, the last year of his stay at the factory, is "natnaya, shemѣ factory%, also an amusing romance, who ended his scandalose .."- me, n Khudozhilov was still in the second Petersburg bnl dnatѣ and had two daughters, but for his reckless life and carefree, which he led to: Peterburg, he left him a day and was left with some kind of doctor .. Daughters were donated to the Institute, and only Catherine Niya. Khudokhilova.Ac.N. Khudozhilovѣ prіkhkhal vyarkarі emony and va napa, water, lonely, half-single. Divorced him did not give, so that they did not marry again and did not leave their first children. Year 2-3 Yakov Iv. Hudozhi - fishing lived in “our village” and big enthusiasm or love. No one resembled Rih, for whom the Swad: Mikhail Ivanovich almost did not reach._______1700_______Vakhrusheva, his daughter married a fly to Nikolitsa Mitrofanovich Ukhov. A lot of people gathered at the wedding ball, including Vyavka Trifonz Mikhailovich as a guest. Lapі tөvъ and friendіv, as well as were invited to the wedding ball all the intendrokі prі өmshchini, pr revived өvv at that time in our velѣ.Among the lamb, a friend of novvsty was twenty year old bars - a day friend at the gymnasium Klavdiya Andreyevna Vakhrusheva, and although she was otherwise older than the daughter of Mehail Ivanovich, she was often invited to visit Klavdiya Ivanovna, she was also invited. Name was Lyudmila FlegonComrade Shanchi, suburban bourgeois. , from a poor family, but prominent, a strong and beautiful arba oo. At the end. In the Sloboda gymnasium, she entered the Zemsky school as a teacher in Dunyak, i.e. "in the suburban settlement DVmyank, near the town of Slobodsky and, daily, went from Slobodsky to Dmyanka for bathing in the Zemstvo school." During the Trifo ball - well, Mikhail Laptev liked this young lady, and the so-called Laptev was old at least 50 years old, but he liked to look after young barnes - Nami and ladies. He asked the owner, i.e., N.I. Vakhrushev, to sit at the table with the young ladies, Mih, Yves, suggested that Lyudmiloscht, sit next to him at Trifonoi. Mih. Laltөvniѣ. The last agreed, and Yak, Nick. Khudozhilov was sitting opposite them, I was sitting tofe at the same table, it was clearly visible that Lyudmila Flтовgontovna was very flattered to see some of the respectable guests who had great attention to them, treated them to champagne look at ө from buyot ’and beyond. She takva slatka koktnichalitsya either o tm, Loptevniz, then with the lieutenant colonel. I, Khudozhilovniѣ, and communicated to comrade Laptev to write when she went to Vyatka and went to the theater .. Paul Uap on T.M. Laptev soon left for Vyak, and L.F.Shanchi became soBUT. _______1701_______to fight to go to Svoboda and asked Cavdia Andreyeva Vakhrusheva to play for five: "the horse is at the Rusadov’s, but yak, n, Khudozhilov’s ok%, that’s the same as Sobyshad’s Slobodskaya and the horse has already stood at the fourth quarters and asked her if she wanted to, along the way to Slovo - okogo: Lyudmila Flegotovna, then two, three $ drunk, the vocal champagne was rather playful, she quickly agreed to “khar o Khudozhilov.uz in Slobodka. I was a parting guest and host. Khudozhilov’s Porcel 1 to lead her to the starry apartment. th faranѣө Total өshe was not filed "Ya.n.Hudonilovѣ and invited her to come unto room. warm up so as not to wait for the house, but he sent "to awaken the boy and send him to the other Pusanovskaya for the hired horse. L.F. Shana nov entered the apartment, but the horse was not there yet and he wasn’t ... As a result, she stayed to spend the night and left Slobodskaya only at the thunder, pr. 5 - until the Zemsky school, telling her mother that she spent the night at Klavdy Andreyevna. After this similar night we began to repeat 2-2 times a week, except for another day of meeting on Demya nk, in the house of Fofonov, at Intendan Tokago pr1, a friend, Khudozhplov’s friend, it ended that when Jan. They badly lived in the name of our factory in St. Petersburg, a month later the people arrived. Shevchina lived with her mother and lived in the common room, eat Y. N. Khudozhilovny. So they continued to love, they had a baby, a girl. .but Khudozhilov’s other wife, in general: didn’t give a divorce .. It happened that, before the revolution, she died and then Yak, Nige Khudozhilov’s wife married her, left the military commander of the first wife and her daughter grew up with on'Bndal. 'theirs for mzhzza officersѣ xө......._______1702_______From about 1900, I was a member of the Small-bodied House of Hardworking, and a comrade-in-law was elected, and the predecessor was Ivan Aleks'evich. Saltykovѣ, Slobodokіy kupөts, exodus of peasantsѣ. According to the charter, reelecting optically, but for the last ten years, almost all the same people were reelected. In% 1912, at the time, re-election of Ivan Ad. Saltykov fell ill, he had to send him to comrade by the way. By the way on the agenda, the board put on equal terms and conditions mb charters, in terms of the term of election of the board: next year reelection, choose the schedule for three years. Al Saltykov, put on a turn. invite the general annual gathering, decide to express, and A. Saltyko - on behalf of the general meeting, deep gratitude, to honor his present address and to prevent the application for not being citizenship by Grace, personal honorary city or city. In addition, the following were standing: High and current. On the appointed day of the general meeting, I appeared at the office of Thomas industrious, and a quarter of an hour before the puppy began to open, the secretary of 8, Shayatsnnya, arrived. After about half an hour, other members of society began to gather, but slowly, according to provincial custom, they were always late. Then suddenly. come land on 8 or 9 people former head of the city N.D. Plus ning, accountant - t бrѣ city government Charushi nѣ, secretary V.A., Smolin. Secretary Ub. two councils S.N.llopovѣ, merchant N.I.Vetoshnikov and friend S.V.F, and ѣѣevѣ n Ata, he said it was quiet in his ear, it was a group that had never been to_______1703_______collected, according to the propaganda of Chereya Shopov, for the purpose of blocking and. d.Sal. tykov and, in his opinion, put n.d.Plus neither on, but on senior scientist Popov's secretaries. and the whole thread of the Government and taking his hands in it all. After a few minutes, almost the same thing was repeated. P.N. Sapozhnikovѣ. I had to give it up, calm down, they won’t make up the majority, and you grind the rest, being present to listen to their words. Or. and, in the case of electionsѣ, to run for those whose candidates for zapio-kand recommend äg Pravlnіem. When playing at the tableѣ, we began to verify the rights of all who gathered. It turned out that NI Vetoshnikov ooo oooh was still more than a member, but, according to an earlier custom, there were also one pledged to join the members and made a membership fee of one Z ruble for the first year I have already seen such members before they wrote down and admitted to this general meeting. I accepted his application and contribution, but added that I would put the issue of the admission for the year “the first general meeting to vote first. When counting all those present, it turned out that I didn’t reach the quorum 3-4 people. ND Plus doesn’t say, you need to send the boy to invite him, to sit close to those who live such and only to the west%. I guessed that they intend to invite those who are to supplement their majority and support, three ballots, to hold a new Board and said, I have already been sent for several persons, we have already waited over the deadline of 55 minutes, wait five minutes, and wait more we won’t. Less than ten minutes later, and I announced, according to the charter, the general annual meeting for the current, I appoint the next skull and Redleigh / Coca, according to the charter, it will be considered second-rate and if any number of members are counted, I shall consider it valid. . ._______1704_______N.D.Ilyuo, NN and A.N., Shopov, began to protest that earlier, almost always practiced, when there was a lack of quorun, they sent for the closest members and now you could also do something to fight for a second time, I turned away, whoever did so before, aguyev tot and in the future give - barks, but I do so, k. as I understand the charter, if anyone finds my actions are wrong, I can appeal in administrative order. The gruppe of the opposition went on the defensive, V.A. Smolin went to the polls and after a while explained that they couldn’t do anything, predator :: Vakhrushev did the right thing, right away. Chөrөv two weeks - whether there were about seven double parties at the general meeting. There were up to fifty people who were newly registered, who were supporters. Ivan Al. Saltykov and, according to the charter, on the kapun rule ruled their statements and voted, as well as the statement n. And, the Vetoshki were accepted and accepted by the members of the Society with the right to participate in the first general meeting. But N / A Plus Ninѣ and the entire opposition group didn’t aim at scolding at this moment, guessing that their delay in failing to Saltykov would not succeed and the other side would be more secure. All the questions posed to the vocation were extended unanimously and completely re-elected for three years / according to the amended charter /. Ivan Alekseevich. Saltykov, according to the decree of the general assembly, awards, whether they were: the honorary citizen, moreover, the general assembly was authorized by the Authority of the Late Night and 4. Salinkov’s address._______1705_______ All this was done within the deadlines. Led by the qualities of a comrade-in-chief of the Law. at home industrious, I, together with the “other members of the Government, came to the eve of the 8th festive day of consecration. Yves, A. Saltykova, he had already made an agreement, and, solemnly announcing the address, brought him great blessings and blessings. , and, on the New Year, the winner was awarded the highest award and A., Saltykov received the title of personal honorary citizen on.Въемъ дѣд Ив, merit of Eve. But “Saltykova in the home” was a huge hard work, he used to waste a lot of his time and money for the benefit of the house. industriousness. In addition, every year Tiraravleniy organized a blog lot of creative lottery for the benefit of keeping children in Slobodskoy doiѣ industrious and trained ө ih rөmөs lamѣ. Up to ten thousand were issued for these lotteries. ticket for 25 kopeks 88 ticket. It would seem that at that com town, like. It’s very difficult for Slobodskoy, with 8,000 women, to distribute 10,000 tickets each year, but nine twentieth these bi-years. IA Saltykov himself distributed the fighting to Slobodekhozha and Vyala, to whom he was leaving, among his friends, he was a businessman and annually Before the fight, these tickets to the Nidug Orlda and Irbitsky fairs and to Moscow and steadily wound up friends with 100 and 500 pieces of horses. But, most of them and 8% of them, when paying for these tickets, looked at a charity led by a respectable old man in mi or respected friend, A, Saltykrvym, who related love to this institution, supporting his energy, willingly bought tickets from him or handed them out for the sake of giving gifts to their workers or employees .. gifts for playing out part were collected by the Governors, donations, each_______1706_______with your friends, but not yours, the prophetic Eve. Al. Saltykov bought at Nziyazh– a city fair at wholesale prices, for example. : samovars, tea or tableware, toilet things, barking, boots, boots, stockings, gloves, hats, home accessories and men's and other household items and, necessarily, annually, the main win, gold men's or women's watches. Exh, but Eve. Hell Saltykovz brought and many 100 or 150 rubles. winning bills tov, with a request to distribute them. among their workers .. But one year, having spread. there are all such given tickets, the amount is paid, paid in full at the cash desk of the Company, at the house of industriousness, two days before the rosary. Rysha, prії knows to many villages, Iv.A. Saltykov, and say that he . zazhzhat at 14 o'clock, and in the rule, the secretary had no more than three hundred tickets left. if earlier, then you would have been 8% more in Moscow, and now it’s too late to sell before the draw, but after the draw it’s convenient, take it, explain to whom Something. 4 accepted, transferred to the office. . his and the cashier’s breakdown to offer to the workers that the remaining way was to follow me and paid to Saltykov, now completely. for three ata tickets. I sold the ticket to one hundred kasair to the workers, and about two salt the next day, when I didn’t return it, I put it in my box. office desk and forgot. about them ... they rooted two times and they sent us to the office, from hard work, printed letters and stars, on which numbers the winnings sang. The cashier announced “workers who won about 1 how many small wins, and they asked the cashier to get them in Slovenian . When the cashier asks me, and the remaining about two. if they were betrayed to whom, maybe the winnings fell on them - it would have poisoned me, on the way I will go, you are suburban for Wins_______1707_______for workers, I would have seized the others as well .. Only then I remembered that the rest of the tickets lay with me as a pack in the office of the desk about the cashier. leave 34 nio TB winnings, I will help and if there are winnings then I will allow him to take a horse and drive in Sobodokoy to bring these winnings to the workers. Like. It turned out that the remaining tickets that were not sold and not sold to anyone were won, and we got a lot of women’s chaun, Volotaya chain and five more valuable things and 10 or 15 equal things. I am in this office and the workers. He didn’t say, but in “the equalization of the house of industriousness said that such a person who won the same number by number they’ve got. the benefit of the home of industriousness for the next lottery, for the needs of children being contemplated. Also, every year, the Byatkago Priuta Vudomova was empressed. Empress Dariya sent many loss books - 100 ruble tickets for distribution, most of which came. pay at your own expense. Zәmakіy anniversary of the fiftieth anniversary. founded in Russia zemstvo was celebrated in Petersburg .. in. In the 19th year, as I had already reported in the previous chapters .. In the same place, in Petersburg, the governors of the provincial authorities decided, on the basis of the 28th, mutual agreement, so that they could do so by war. Poooi, in the provincial and district otzmotvakh the day of five decades the zomotv was - marked. N% solemn meetings in ekstrennyh zvokihѣobra nіyah. 85 1914 Chak v Slobodskoy provincial zonok: governing the anniversary solemn assembly of the Zemstvo stateWell._______1708_______elk in the first Chivlakh on May 1914, in a large hall in the entrance, where more than once they organized a gathering. At 10 o'clock, it was on: a molebot was stolen - vіө and, after the prayer, preceded by Theophilus. Erofѣ өwichviem Shovko solemn inauguration was opened. Among the public, in the forefront. there were invited guests, including Abbot Mother of God Slobodskogo - the monastery Mat-Olimpіada, Slobodokoy and the lawyer Nikolai Semenovich. Zubarev with his wife and taking the local intelligentsia, there were a number of public announcements and addresses from various donations of the Nicholas 5 and academic “body for those who use partial support of material or moral, they did not have to pay for their ditsinskogo, pedagogical staff and others. Personally, I was present at a meeting like glonas and spoke, announcing the address 0% of the Board of the house of labor in Slobodakom, called mago Olgipoki prіyut. The uniform was once warned, a couple - one, festive, and so much more. and eat the order - by us and shpapatsya boul in mun dirѣ, and the mayor, Ilya IE Rybakov, was in the ceremonial chain on the shөѣ, in the sign of the city mayor. voice of the Slobodsky land estate. , taking the lead from all the vowels of the Vдаzda and with a brief explanation of the five-year-old days of activity and development of the activity of the Sloboda Zone.“Having listened to this report, almost all the guests and the audience spread the message, and they continued for half an hour or more, and there were three or four reviewed reports at the next meeting at once. consideration and, approved and collected, was closed. As a matter of fact, the ishkhublik were invited by the Chairman of the Zemsky Council. A.N.Shklya._______1709_______Wash out, at 6 o’clock in the evening, continue to sacrifice the Zemsky Jubilee for a cup of tea, premises of the Zivsky Council: In the evening, on the premises of Zemsky. The councils were cleaned with greenery, and the ruler of the Sovereign, Emperor Nicholas II, was adorned with flowers. d. "Axiutically, at 6 o’clock, everyone gathered and opened the celebration. The music Ө orchestra, shared with the whole public, is performed before the third. Sovereign, Russian X11 Ginz, God Save the Tsar, which were sung three timesand others shouted ur. , cheers "; cheers: Warriors singing for one and 85 thousand. Zemsky council, tal zadon-to * portrait of the State in front of the public - faces and slightly different from each other :: half-way with the piano and sadot not in public. Correct ti. S. Zubrrev immediately, at the beginning of the beginning of the anthem, under the grip to this grip, he took an ea and turned to face the "port - the sovereign of the Sovereign and said quietly: wait, chuck, everything, - stand. Pisetsѣ so. .niya, but already facing the portrait, and espravnik calmly caught it a hundred, so that no incident 8%: "" 8a this did not happen, last everyone was invited to a tea table and a cold snack: ѣ, and then, right afterwards, dances began, all of which were attended by teachers, teachers, doctors, medical assistants, field assistants to sit and attendants will include € “all” wishing if citizens. If # o general democratic union e. I drank just a teapot, I said goodbye to A. N. Shklyaev and friends, I left at 7 o’clock. from. corrected n.v. Zubarev and n.d.Plus neither nayal # a, the apartment of the police officer igrat v v v n% and supper. Zemaka’s Ukhorav’s dances lasted until the 2nd o'clock in the night, "...In the provincial Zemsky administration, the triumph of five decades in Vyatka celebrated on May 20, 1944, in the great hall of Gubernakoy, the new council at 18 o’clock in the morning, and all the leaders of the state ceremonies got to the church under the orders. and so on invited guests and the public_______1710_______most of the zemstvo hearings. At 10 o’clock the governor Yves, Dih appeared. Strakhovskіya with the vice-governorѣ and other ranks of the provincial rights - loniya, all in the front dundira with orders. A prayer service began, at the eye of which everything was attached to the cross. Then, the governor addressed the representatives of the zemstvo with a brief welcome and consonant with the “clans of distant, fruitful prosperity of the zemstvo activityfor the good of Russia and the Vyazokago region, and: Rostov proclaimed for the health of the Supreme Box of Russia, Sovereign Inerator Nicholas II. All present - "who, conscientiously ate the orchestra of music, performed the" national anthem, God the Tsar of Christ. Thrice and thundered , Hurray, Hurray. After. "; This was the announcement of the prelude and poise of R. Vea short. 11 Chairman of the Tuberno-Zemsky “Board. Your presence is invited at 7 o’clock in the evening. , for a cup of tea. In the evening, the council’s rooms were wounded with green and flowers. The triumph began with a performance on Boch: keep it a few times, thrice and Ur, Ur. Hurrah. Late tea, a light snack and general dance. The first round, velva “began the chairman of the Provincial Zemstvo Administrative Council 114 Vel Ivan. Pankov from the left - Governor Tatyana Ivanovna insurance. On ..: festivities and dances, all the intelligentsia and 3-10 elements of Zemsky listeners to the scribe and the party inclusively participated, there was a complete unification of democracies. But I didn’t take part in the festivities because I didn’t take part in the celebration by the time of the day I iz “ubernskoy u right uҡhal kѣ Kovѣdѣ 11t natvichu Laptev, for breakfast. There were Trifon ikhaiylovich. Laptev, Alexander Petrovich. Dolgust and Nikolai Pavlovich Krasnykh5, prіavavshti from St. Petersburg for organizing a syndicate - that sale from all Vyatka factories of cow wool C1: one hand_______1711_______chөrөv. N., Krai vy at the Nizhny Novgorod fair. * donkey breakfast from Koz - we Ig, Lal tva all went to the steamboat Bulychev, standing at the pier, Fot rakav and drink beer, and who tea, the breeders were called by Ivan Itap tөv, dunio Fesonov and others. “They collected and having appeared earlier and the bonds were naib conceived, the latter did not wait until late to say that I had a lot of child labor for urgent sake at home or at the factory. They say that the principle was agreed upon by the idea, but it is difficult to find it to work out such conditions that could satisfy everyone, and the ceiling was suggested that you, remaining, work out the terms, and we will take a look and join if they turn out to be for us өilimimy.lt the first, with the ga clause, left the ship with the steamboat Iv. Ig Laptev, and after him D. *, Zonov. I said that Iv.Il “Laptev” never got into a general syndicate for the reason that rubbing his factory was always considered the best of others, thoroughly washed and sold it everywhere for 50-75 kopecks. stay well alone, and sometimes for the whole ruble. Around the evening we went out again to Kozi Ig, supper Laptev and everything ended up drinking before midnight, the syndication did not take place. The experience of compiling a syndicate between Vyatka breeders was delivered earlier than 2 years ago, for the joint sale of a flap and a stil. He is very good, I’m glad of the sarogs being soldier on the breech and to this syndicate ho ~ tѣ. l join Alaffuzov iz Kazan in their goods, i.e. with birds and a rag .. for discussing the organization of such a syndicate, several representatives of Anton Ivanovich Alafuzov gathered together to discuss it all the time, but didn’t come to any result .. + I remember that then the main thing was that I’ve slowed down D.F. Zones._______1712_______.". On the next summer, the last part of Zenokago’s fiftieth anniversary — the fifth anniversary of Vyatka, on May 21, 1914, the icon of the icon of St. Nicholas the Wonderworker, Michael the Archangel and Tikhvinok Mother of God took Vyatka to the Great River. We spent the night. On May 20-21, Vyatka got a new apartment on Moskovskaya Street, Klabukov’s house, Noole both were in attendance and attended the meeting and, returning to their apartment, left to gather together. Kucher Petr handed in a couple of our thieves harnessed to carriage.Horses in a vastoyalo, having rested. two days at the porch, they didn’t calmly calm down, were eager to run around. Apollinaria Aleksevna had sunk into the carriage, but still had no time to catch the cattle and, on the move, he ordered the bribe-taker Kolbin. train station, so that the front wheels turned up from the left side and the crew on the car, the crew lost the equal and turned over to the right dock. Apol - linariya Aleksbovna hiked down to the ground, and the crew fell right and left right Kolkѣ about stupas I podbyaal Sh prikaschikoaz raised Apollinarіyu Alekoѣevnu pas hand and the Moon. oli to the apartment. Immediately they called out a surgeon of the provincial Zemsky hospital, vene Afanasyevich Idu tivov., Who was living in his own house on Semenovskaya street in Vyatka “Doctor. Ischupinov profit immediately, osmo. trѣvѣ izlom said that the interchange перел on such a place, where оть kotot is not reluctant_______1713_______ to sort it out, there was a lot of it, it’s better to stretch your leg in • a broken one, it’s more, that is broken., c. an external breakthrough - skin and meat, through - it could get into the interior from pollution from the krill of the crew, but, through that, maybe. blood poisoning occurs. # about so that% then don’t shout and not blame him ө alone, S.A. Seek new advised to convene the enemy. Immediately I went to the doctors Aksakov, Iv.V. Krasovskon n. n and Levitokom .4, I invited them to the council, and they gathered at the chad through. The men divided into apartments and, after the examination of the kink, the doctors' voices split: half decided that it is necessary to immediately take away the leg until the blood is infected and there will be less pain for the patient and she will recover soon, but the rest of the doctors expressed, although there is little hope that the leg at the “withers” may be spliced, but will not. take away his leg every day and along the way. As a drowning man grabs a straw, then he eats like a sick person. it was also advisable for her husband and all seven to try to cure her and .. not to take her legs off, perhaps she was simple. In order not to take this away from them, you need to try to heal the leg and until the operation is postponed and the leg is not taken away, the doctors openly expressed my opinion and I joined this name, that is, until the operation is postponed and everything possible for treatment is adjourned and take mѣrn from blood poisoning. All four doctors visited the patient every day at our apartment, and then they agreed to come in turns. However, it was not possible to prevent blood poisoning and gangrene appeared, and although the doctors gave the bandages, the gangrene on the foot rose up. 9% of the labor could not be stopped and then it turned out that the bend was completely stopped and the doctors found that after the end it was already a little corrupted and it became yono that it can’t be spliced, therefore, the operation is not out of business, so they decided the final-_______1714_______We agreed to the news of the long vacillation, and although the doctor insisted that the operation be done in the operation shaft of the Provincial Zemstvo pain, we didn’t prefer to do the operation in our apartment. S.A.and reintroduced. An operative table was brought from the provincial wreath of Voltsy; prіѣkhali two sisters of mercy, surgeon doctor S.A., I am looking for a doctor and a doctor. Yu.Zh. Zhuvitsky. Before the operation, nakinu nѣ; іріѣзжаль on the apartment willow. The Savior Cathedral was given and priested by Alom. to the culinary Al'koѣevna, when it was transferred to the operating table, war. We were offered to leave the operating room, so as not to disturb, but the main thing, but “to doctrine the doctors”. However, all the time I went into the corridor and watched the door open in the floor. From the beginning of Apollinariya Alkoїvna everything was cool “and said to Father Goopadi, but later, when chloroformonium went up, it shut up and slightly“ snored. Въ 10-15 нө Bolѣө. Eө again transferred to the bed in the bedroom. Having woken up, she began again to hysterically go out and repeat Father Fr., She was given a sedative nago; but the doctors decided not to leave her alone yet, and they were on the watch one by one or two, until the heart began to work normally. Around the apartment, a charged horse and a servant Ivan Il ich Vakhrushev / 17 years old were always waiting for me to go to the pharmacy at once with the medicine, as the doctor required. During the on-duty of Yu.A. I tried the pulose from the patient and said it was bad, the bullet% is badly beaten. Poured a note and said; gontө skorѣ and at the pharmacy at your own will, and he approached the phone, called S.A. Ishu Tinova, said ѣ ѣnu * then in Latin, and before the recession, go to those okorés._______1715_______horses to the pharmacy, on Kazanskaya street, kBerma well. Provisor read the note, showed his head and shoved it, it’s bad, demand the last strongest drug, give Ivan V. Vakhrushev the required dose and tell him to leave as soon as possible. But our horse was so tired, for a day өө she was driven, that she could only walk in steps ѣ and then he advised him. Ivan will take a coachman and Ride quickly, and he will return home. The surgeon of ishutnikov, prichol and at the same time brought from the pharmacy salt solution. Ova, the doctors took off their frock coats, they remained in the shirt and started pouring Apolli nariAlөkeѣevnѣ salt, through the injection in the boh near the heart, and during that time she lay silently and her eyes rolled up. Doctor Levitsky held his hand all the time and listened to his pulse. They affected salts approximately three times and, after two minutes, the pulse began to come to life, work better and better, and the doctors finally. they crossed themselves, ska - zav, thank God she saved and ov hung up and told us that it was so bad that we were desperate. Now the danger is far from complete and we were all happy, we also overreacted, thank- . God blessed and doctors. # she was advised not to wake up the painful doctor, she could “sleep” with her whole little granddaughter and leave the young experienced sister of mercy and only in the evening again both stopped to bring pain. Allolinariya Alekseevna didn’t remember anything for two days and didn’t know that she was putting on an operation .. # her mother sat on Apollinariya Al’s bed, Rukavishnikova .. The big daughter hid that it’s too long for the doctor’s mother to conceal her operation if it is necessary, so that you can make speed, and mother dislike: Pray to God, the Lord will help and everything will be fine. The patient continued to lie down and talk on occasion, rising up blanket, with a hand in her hand, I asked her a sore leg, “Mom, yes, where_______1716_______I was broken for something, if there was any operation. My mother embraced, so that already two suckers would pass, and all, Love Voru, would go well, the doctor would hold on, you would like three people, only you shouldn’t worry about the ice. The operation was on July 10, 1914. And about five days I’ll return five times from abroad to the name of Kolya and bring it ”, by order of my son Vikentiya, bought at * өррінів, for damage to N.I. Shtөhөrѣ did not willingly let go of the plant and said, it would be better if it weren’t + 8 ° dilѣ, maybe there will be a war, then you won’t get back and the learned scientist isn’t coming. Kohl insisted and went home. ."Vikentiy S. Ivan Andreevimeya Khlbnikov3, a mechanic. With the shoes of our factory, they used to drive a car brought from Tarma to the Ventsky railway, disassembled, lubricated, and didn’t buy it again. they didn’t study automobile cars, they immediately got off and went to him in the city of Vyatka prikhakhav kam kam offered our seven. семь ride around the city, as well as sevenѣ doctors Ishu tilova, then they left the village for the first time. Vyatka, if not with read from builder Slobodeka n.d. of engineering engineer Kvyatkovek his name was a small Ford car.Also, the leoprodmanik Nikolai Iv.Klobukov had a car in appearance. Although the car was a lot of fun even when it was new, it also caused problems. when they saw a car running about it, they would stop very much, then they would throw themselves to the side or turn and run back. There have been cases when_______1717_______on this lapіadi, a man or a confession, having themselves looked at a thing that wasn’t right / what they called t возl возkka + scooter / didn’t manage to pick up a fuss and hold back the frightening horses, which coolly returned to overturn the tөlөga, and sometimes, dahgә Thank God, or death to death, in such catastrophes, there was never a time and everything was limited only to frighten and torment flour or a woman, Vincent didn’t have to lie on his car for a long time: on September or October, on the occasion of the war, he got an order to make cars Only in Vyatka and the requisites for military facilities, he left and received almost the full cost of up to 4,000 rubles. Seven days later, after the arrival of our son Nicholas from Germany, all the way, at the end of the war, the war was declared Rernanius Poggii. On the day of the announcement of general mobilization, about five o’clock in the evening, I was in the apartments of the Governing State. Banking near Volerii Vasilievich Vogel and we sat on a terrace or tea. At this time, Colonel Yasavsky, with two officers and briefcases, was going up to the front porch of the bank. They rang the front door, but the manager saw that the officer had pulled up, taking the courier from below from below, and reported to the manager, and V.V. Popel himself brought down Baik. After reading the telegram presented to the colonel, he urgently called out from the next house of Comptroller Ivan & Yodorovich Fru ktov and allocated money from the pantry for the initial mobilization. After no more than 15-20 minutes, we quietly continued with tea, forlnaya Alena Aleksandrova, I forgot to drink tea tea to the table Valery Vasilovich% returns and say, a war has been declared with the Germans and mobilization has begun, Colonel_______1718_______Yasinski prizal and uvө83 800,000 rubles, mobilization fund, n in the early days.izilizatsiya throughout the Vyatka governorate began fashionably and went quietly, quickly. Two days later in the evening, I ate no Kolya went to Vyatka to a summer club, he had to go to kyu - a tightcoat, in which there was a chance from German and a uniform peaked cap, which was learned by wearing a leather school. Volzhsko + Kamskago Bank s. Zimer non, he told Kol, that now, during the war with the Germans, it’s dangerous but walking in the Nenets root, Vasmogut can be mistaken for nets and can be beaten up. We considered it a joke to say that today, it’s hoped that you’ll be in a club, no one will beat , the next day, hide the cap and put on a Russian hat. Hours at 10 pm Serrѣ. Aleksandrovich. Dolgushi a invited his friends, three Vyatka students, to arrange a rally with national flags, go through at least the main alley of the Alexandrovsky Garden, where the club is located, Bat ro got two or three flags and stopped at 8% of the club, stopped against the red club Rome, the public began to group around persons carrying flags, joined the party and went through the garden. Val, V.f-ogel and V.A. Baryshnikov / new factory inspectors, pretending to be Vyatka, all the same, I died N.I., Yezhova and I went to the garden to see what would be done. After selling through the whole garden, the crowd increased to about a thousand people. Thy people save the Lord, and then cheers shouted and_______1719_______down with nѣitsev, down with Germanіv. The third crowd, with the flags in the front, went to the Governor's house. The police warned the Head: Provinces, that they should express and ask for a patriotic manifestation to convey to the city and to bring to the head of the State Majesty Nicholas II the very subjugated feelings of the population of the Vyatka governorate, pa voshchika, galloploi went to the regional Zemsky Upland / overtaking the crowd / took control from the state port of the Emperor's State and left the crowds% walking along Moskovskaya street and near the bakery wounds of the holi, he joined the demonstration and with the portrait of Sovereign Nicholas II in his arms, went to the center of the flags in front of the manifestation The crowd was growing in size along the way, the audience, diminishing the ponies. Ri - ina and politwa Save the Lord your people, went out. 18% don, joined, and all went to the Governor's dock, continuing to sing and scream Hurray and down with Germany. Apollie naria Aleksѣөvna was lying sick in her apartment, having understood the remote pune on the street, she was frightened with her mala, but soon her son Kolya was scolding and said that there was a patriotic manifesto for the tuberculator’s house and the father as the governor Banking and with a factory inspector, all three calling friends, singing together with the public, I overtook the wave and at the same time warned you not to be scared, because now you are walking along Moskovskaya street, we’ll go to our apartment by the way, by the way Russian, so as not to Does my nѣmtsa and if you pobi, Ilereodѣvshis Kohl again vyshөl out and joined kb. crowd of demonstrators. “When the manifesto approached the doiu Gubernato_______1720_______Ra, San Governor. Ivan Mikhailovna. Strakhovskiy, went to the gully of the horse and after hearing from the delegates, thanked everyone. for lying not vrnopoddanicheskim feelings. To the collector, having communicated nownot by telegraph to convey to Petersburg. Indeed, on the next day in the capital and local newspapers there were reports on what happened at the non-festival Vyatka.The treatment of Apollie Nariv Aleksvna continued. Doctors ѣzdil11 alternately, “but the surgeon S.A.Ishu was new, claimed that his role had ended, he had nothing more to do and .. A.Dvіtskіya so said that there could be no serious danger and, to calm down seven big, I wanted to see one doctor every other day, as well as earlier, Apollinariya Alexeyev was also treated by Ivan Vasilievich Aksakov because we believe that he’s fair, so that he would continue to observe the patient until her final recovery, and we’ll need to take care of it one by one, recover or get sick. about She was recovered from a colleague of Ivan Vasilievich Aksakov. Not all doctors said that now everything is safe, you can find out more at the Novgorod Fair, if necessary.Through Petersburg, at the Nmxx Novgorod Fair, together with Sinona Niko Lavl and daughter Valentina, they also took a hearing treasure from the step son of Anton Anisikovich Nosov Kolyu I7 th. .“At the Nizhny Novgorod Fair in 1914, so how do you like it?} {Іө year, we stopped at the 11th bridge, in Gostin vitsѣ Hermoda exig B% tom ne? 1.8ө all brought by us to the fair codeven Fo ”_______1721_______darzh: file, gloss, defective from official delivery red on var, front and top, I, during the first ө days of the fair, sold to Ilterba to the Russian merchant Diail Vas • Maximov. Khey sold to Vikul Morozov, and I sold the wool to the end of the year. Inimokatnyh for drivers. In the fair scientific committee, by the time of last year this time, neither I nor T. Laptev had been invited again.. Before the Nakhkhegorodskiy fair, all the 10th largest breeders were able to attend the Tkhovden Fair or Petropav Lovsk for the purchase of raw leather%. Such and throughout the year, all of Vyatka published and bought the necessary amount of raw materials, not every day, not in Petropavlovsk, not% 8 did, firstly because of illness and operation, and secondly, the company was still operating great financial difficulties. The supply of goods by the quartermaster / as described above was still quiet, collapsible and the premier room was filled with goods pledged in and out, as well as the factory. It was “filled” with goods, also pledged to the bank before the court in production, so that more than 8% of goods were more than 8% rubles in goods, in different types. was on hand. a firin, but not free, but everywhere a bank loan burdened them. Aahé all the goods sent to the Nivgorod fair were to be a loan. But it was not at all possible for us to have completely raw materials in order to start working again at the factory again, i.e. open the bell for the new year,At the Nizhny Novgorod Fair, my first fence was to buy ќ0 of a lot of raw materials, but would our company sell it to me? I doubted on the 8th that last year’s bankruptcy aumik а_______1722_______but the Vakhrushevs, norie haven’t forgotten yet, as well as that .. One seller of raw materials for credit, because banks are able to cope with the riot. whether the blow is taken into account in the text of that firm. I’m going to buy raw materials, I went to the State Bank, I managed the deacon of Nyakol Pavlovich Paul Yaskop and asked him what I would like to buy here, at the fair, I bought raw materials, 4 in view of the fact that a lot of them were brought to the fair and, so far, are not expensive. However, it is probable that, probably, it will be necessary to give out part of the bill of exchange for raw materials, and each seller seeks to take his bills into account cheaper, then, вѣ. first of all: he applies to the State Bank and denorie, cool to give, are in the State Ea to cope, will he. bills of such a firm were accepted to uchopt, and for what amount .. If they tell him, you will pay as many bills of this firin as you wish, the State bank will take them into account, then he will sell and bring you a century: salt, and if you say the opposite, then he and not for sale ..Therefore, before proceeding with the purchase of raw materials, I took an interest in you and openly asked to ask if I could hope that the voxedas issued by others for raw materials would be taken into account by the State Bank and approximately what amounts. Can I send you Vam lin but sellers who do not sign our company for the receipt of a reference. n, llolya nekі I said, I perfectly lower Vas and obony approve that VN in the first place, we went to the DNZ frankly, after all. Trade bills issued by your company, 8а purchased goods, I urge you to take at the fair this amount as much as you want and from whom you freak ”, but even if you don’t have any credit with us.and bills to send themѣ to nav and you again open them to them ”_______1723_______but fair creditѣ, as well as also for references send to kam - nam, you are a representative of the army, and, during the war, the State Shank is obliged to intensively support the manufacturers, suppliers of armii. If you have 8 years past your merchandise bills, then when you raise them, you will take them into account. I thanked you by saying that I’m in Vyatka on the long State Bank, before% leaving the fair, I’m very disappointed with the promissory notes: , and when I bring it to Vyak for accounting, but for the support I have given you, I am very grateful and will accept that I would issue the bills issued by me when purchasing raw materials, I would be fully represented by the State Bank .. In such a way, communication of the State Bank, I have returned a good mood, because I foresee Kommersant that using etimѣ can budet vygo bottom and easy to buy raw materials at the Nizhny Novgorod yarmark. In buying a croad, sometimes it is necessary to give out a third or half of the cash to cash and not hard, even for a look, you need to buy a small lot for cash, went to the Siberian Trade Bank, through which the goods were seen at the Nikogorodsky fair, with a loan , I turned to Yakov Kharitonovich Kuznetsov, the manager of the Yarokarochny branch, who is one of them ahead of time and 8. In the city of Petersburg, to the fair, from the main board of the Siberian Bank, since I was already familiar with a little less than%, I asked if I could, in case of a big purchase of raw materials, send Vyatka so that I could get a loan through Valbank, as if they were brought from Vyatka here our products and how I should act in such a case and at what rate you are going to issue a loan._______1724_______A.Kh. Kuznetsov said ро, princes іnno, of course, wash but, you are our permanent client, you are not a newbie. If you expect a large number, then I won’t ask you for 1 Petersburg, so that I couldn’t confirm my consent to the limit or unlimited. How to apply, it’s already known to you, that is, how to get a Vyatka pass, then you need to get a receipt for the Vyatsko-Volinsk shipping company with insurance, if you need to get on a railway, it’s also with insurance. Publication E.D. or “Incoming receipt 10, p. Your facto ry sots ots nko її, please wear to B8% vba bk vk. We will go through the accounting committee, open. Vad .. to filed documents, credit, for each individual case, from 50 to 60, from the total amount submitted by Vani dokumeya tov. Each time you write out the owing Bagg day at your current account, and at st. do yud1 1 day You are in a fashion to receive such a bag by check keys issuing checks to your raw milkers. sellers. I thanked, saying that this is for us. The next day I proceeded to purchase raw materials of the Kyrgyz Republic and three small parties, some of which were not a broker, who, on behalf of the seller of raw materials, came to me by asking for the offer. But I asked him if they knew we sold , knowing our company, or he just accidentally asked a lot of things, but did I stumble on the buyer. к the seller admitted that, on behalf of the seller, he was looking for the buyer, and as well as some Ovyat breeders, they heard that they are major suppliers to the archives, because in naya a little that you are one of the Vyatka’s large breeders, asked to arrange for the party of the guarantor of the seller-raw-materials maker, Sinom Niko laen, we went to inspect the goods, asked the price, how much is each seller_______1725_______I’ve got my own company card and asked the seller 39. so on, but at different hours to finally agree on the conditions and conditions, and tell the tractor to warn me that I’m a buyer, and I mean that they don’t own our company, let me first make inquiries or 8% of the State Bank in either Sibirsky or our local breeders, although Ivaa Alekseevich Saltykov or co-manager of the Vyatka-Voleska Shipping Company. Clerk: 10, “some people went to the banks, called Vavka and in the evening”, came to me and we quickly stopped, the next day I was with sinfi and I started with a servant. to. for example, and ESBE shivaniyu purchased batches, but viyegu that many salkhovku not be able to beat all the time with the suspension. The broker should give a prize and invite me to other sellers, but I still decided to take the first pair with me, bring them to the marina and asked me to prepare a steamer receipt immediately in the morning. In the evening I made a calculation to accept the charms, I issued the promissory notes and asked the syrashchiks to demolish the State? Bank, if I myself will take into account, because our IT Slar we have a completely free loan of 150,000 rubles. and bills will be accounted for nomodno. Indeed, on the next day, all three of them took into account the State Bank, which I learned from the broker and as if sellers had become a decree. There are other people who want to go on offer, saying, a good buyer, although he bargains a lot, but for that, I’m pretty, honest and fast and no bargain. The raw materials offered me were odes: to give every day, a day after $ two, three, comes to many myself, managing Vyatsko-Volt_______1726_______I would like to tell the shipping company that I heard from Ivan Akhek. Saltykov that you are the only one buying Vyatsky raw materials and if you buy a lot, I will order a delivery for you. 09. a long barge where you directly load and if water, by September, on the river Vyatka allow, then go to the Bam bar on Borovitsa. in Slobodskoy..Kromѣ that Saltykov saidѣ, if you need. the loan is for these peasants, the shipping company can issue interest of 50 or 60 txѣ durability. I thanked $ for the attention I received and the offers. I asked for a separate barge and added, I’ll buy ten thousand or twenty at the time, and if I don’t have an inter: back, I’ll buy more. I will keep the proposed loan in mind and, if there is a need, I will take advantage of it for the final loan, and maybe I can manage without loans. But, in your case, like Rasikolay Nikolayevich%, I’d send those, just in case, to K3, personally, for inquiries about your company, you’re selling sellers for the first time and don’t know our company. 11. N. Saltykov ѣ ѣ ил ил ото мо мо ело мо пам мо в мо,,,,, Н. Н. Н. Н. Н. Н., Сал Сал Сал ков Н. Н. Н. 11. Saltykov otѣ til, mohhot village sprinkled to the memory, if you are uvronn, I will give the best and best review. Yesterday, Ivan A. Tka and Saltykovym spoke to us, he personally very highly interested in you and insistently recommended that he go to you himself and offer a barbecue service. After receiving the first shipping receipt for the raw materials, preparing invoices and estimates I immediately dreamed up everything at the Siberian Bank, personally to the manager Y.K. Kuznetsov. He said .. and that on the second day I received a confirmation of consent to withdraw to you. loans for their shipping receipts. d. duplicate, for sending .. Vani iz Nizhny Novgorod fair serje vyatka, unlimitedѣ_______1727_______quantities ѣ cat, but 60% of the total.-their value. He borrowed the first receipt and the invoice from him, handed it over to many accountants, said that now he had to pay the loan, calculate the loan at 60 percent and immediately add it to the current account without waiting for the accounting committee, but he said Moto today, dispose of this! amount, send something to me. Today we spent $ cherly if that’s it, but it should be for you, restless, that’s our inner cause, now8. Pererburga many hands of rabbis, Returning from the bank to number, to many appeared, with a business card from Ivan Al, I don’t want to, but I recommend him, a new hack. "Leroy, Venogo working for raw materials. 0 Bogorodsky tanneries I accepted this broker Tyubesno, listened to his pretext for raw materials and since Bogorodsk breeders aren’t buying now, it seems that the war has begun, they will take the workers to the war and there’s no need to be: - we pointed out to whom we will work in the factories, - a sky breeder. Vakhrushev is not afraid, he is buying, living here. B The city breeders are busy, Värskie work for the architects, for them they will get specialists, workers, and if they have enough of it, leave them to work at the factories. we had a room for tea, so that no one would come to us at room time, at 8:00 a.m., immediately there were 80 corridors who gave us a meal, which he had been constantly on hand to cook, especially for us, this he received a service of 15 kopecks. for each samovar and this went to his personal income., in addition,_______1728_______and this: at noclore I will give away my business cards and. said if you would offer someone else’s business, you would like to tell the seller to our company so that he would go to the bank to clarify the creditworthiness of our company, and only then we will. To save some goods and then it’s reasonable to talk about business Having bought 2-3 more parties, I began to look for someone to hire an assistant koal to process raw materials or to ask Dick A.V. Pestov or someone else to cut out from home from the factory, I’ll cut the saw Andreon. Demidovich. Yeropachevnm and from the Nego learn that look at the fair at the fair from Moscow Nikolai Vasilovich. Vakhrushov, I’m from ѣ Ст Ст Ст Ст Ст ѣ Ст Ст Ст Ст Ст Ст Ст ѣ ѣ ѣ ѣ ѣ ѣ ѣ ѣ ѣ ѣ ѣ ѣ ѣ ѣ ѣ ѣ Ст ѣ - - - но - но Ст Ст Stopping them in the shop at them, i.e. AN Dredoporov’s dread, I said $, but now, I have work on raw materials, typhoid fever with my son, because it’s not easy to eat one, it’s not convenient, if Nikolai Vasilovich agreed, and if he’s your son, then I will gladly pay easy sa yarlar 200-300 rubles so as not to claim 18% of the man’s home.. An ... Kropachev said, why shouldn’t he agree, glad I was, all the same, God wanted to see what kind of work he was doing and there were a lot of brokers, old experienced ones, to fight everything! . I’m looking for clientov. I didn’t give him a skayahu and today it didn’t go off to Wang. Indeed, it’s cherished for a few hours to come to my number. Niko is Leia Vasilovich and declares that Andrei Denidovich passed yourhits_______1729_______I was offered and, with thanks, I’m ready to help you 10 projects: raw materials and other work that you can do, you can have any other way. We agreed that he would sleep on a daily basis in the shops of A.D. Kropichev, there he was provided with a bed and bed, and eat. 7 or 8 o’clock in the morning, he will come to kѣ us in the room at. all day and fulfill all my duties and rest all day with us. The numbers on August 5 to the fair prіkh hakh iz Petropavlovsk! IaШЕ permanent hackdor. Khusainѣ Abdulovich TEM e nev, 8 nv that I am at the present time at the Nizhny Novgorod fair 2 buying raw materials, he came to the bottom and set up his friend-sireyikikrv. On the same day, it’s on your behalf to many offers offered by the party at 3,000 kohh from the Kazan kitchens Brothers I'liki Nykh. We went to inspect the gray we went into their office to bargain, It turned out that there were only a younger one at the fair? Brac Boris toiseevich People only 30 years old who willingly sold eight items to us. We traded at the prevailing mature price of 16.50 88 pood%, in such conditions 5:. a third on personal and 2/3 of bills on six and detsar esyatsev.IRi e! - they agreed to spend the day through yes, as long as they were from the clerks, they were just a couple of couples at that: a lot of money “Poet Husain Tyumensv” beat me !! g Husainov’s farmstead / this farmstead belonged to the Nizhny Novgorod Fair. Orenburg cuisine Akhmet Galeevich usain, where almost all the Tatars were sold by merchants from Bremenburg, Petropavlovsk, Kazan and other districts. These Tatars. In one day they’ve discovered and bought cheese for several cheese, in general, about ten thousand kokh, through the same makdor, which -_______1730_______I sent to Ivai, Al.Kazanin, I bought a few small piarti in raw materials. Prioaka and rip-off went like from early morning until late evening, 14th we took the constant contractor of the carter, who.on his own, he was the one who delivered the crammed goods to the shipping company, to Volga and Oktlkrk, shipping directly to the bargha and delivering us an advance receipt, and all these receipts were all the same for the first time, and the company paid for it. receipt with insurance / because only 18% of the hearing is ҳ% of the Parity was an insurance company General insurance /.Nikolay ғas. Vakhrushev had finished the day “having weighed, daily returning from work to us as a rester, having rested II and having eaten, I sat down for written work, drew up invoices on the basis of the accepted batch and wrote the bill, I’ll everything was grouped and ochkla to eat his son. Nikolaom or personally referred to Sibirskbank to receive a loan. Regarding this, the Asuds at%, the sirinos devoted Nikolai Vasilovich Vakhrushov to this support, so that neither he, nor the 78 Vyatskys, knew that I had only to go to the raw materials fair here. Echo pawning. Everyone was amazed that I was buying a lot at the raw materials fair, and most of the smallest cadre paid a part for the current account. Siberian Bank.- Vidach chokov Nikolay Vasilievich, of course, to the point, because it’s great. Torno Choki, according to Mooch's instructions, he whispered and served ink by letter, and sometimes asked, at large, suniah; how long have you checked your current account book, for these days you have issued a lot of chokat hkat t.: is there for payment. I follow and say, I went in today_______1731_______bankѣ and managed and thereѣ they said enough for a weekѣ. Every day, returning to Kropichevniz, Nikolai Vasilievich talked about all our purchases and gave them hair and hair so that, at the end of the fair, like all the small people of Vyatka for the drivers, kozovnikov, you got a lot of talk a little talk fell, but today, so tomorrow they will go bankrupt. As early as last year, Dolgushev in “Yegorodoko-Yarkarochny $ Telograd *, tried to undermine injections and were sure that they were bankrupt, went bankrupt, but they had been rumored and gone before last year, and that night, was there a general blow? , ll. Adox, turned out to be almost the only ones and 8ѣ Vyatka buying only raw materials loaded a full barau. Reason, there are, all these rags* M ** thieves, part of the chorus, of Nikolai Vasilovich, part of the chorus of Andrei Vasg “dkopaea Sokovni on, reached my ears, and I tried to remain silent and let anyone want to discuss it, and I have long been used to hearing and don’t attach im no meaningOK, there was a prospect for raw materials of small batches from new ones, but nodzvost - out sellers, a spare part, a coupon from Brother Gliki nih,We, having stood three doubles, slid off for 5-6 days and, at that time, at Niko - the city fair passed. 3, foreigners the oldest to take Matvoy o - iseyevich Іlikі н, whom the declaration of war found in France inBіtsѣ and he wasѣ vinuvdon return to Russia through Turkey Odresu and, therefore, prіkhhalѣ on the shelter with a bigѣ late, Powi - diode he noodobril dvlic Pvі th his brother Boris selling the goods all n ѣ in creditѣ. For a nail it’s their basis to consider our company as a non-compliant illp, in general, did not consider it possible;_______1732_______to give you price for a preschool price, considering that the prices for raw materials are higher, you need to buy a lot of shoes for armpits,B% resultѣ it turned out that Matvey Mois.Gliki didn’t call on himself ѣ Husain Abdulovich Tkazov and asked him to give me money, that they would hand over raw materials and even leave it to no one to sell to anyone, because they look very bad at Russia abroad, consider that, probably, she will lose the war and all of Russia will go bankrupt, then they should not sell anything to Nikon: in general, try to shut up more of the goods at%. If Wahrushort koldop% Take the purchased dart, then, with a large share, we’ll surrender, under the condition that for the present, but for the availability of clever bastard, and if this is suitable, then overslept consider it to be gladly stubborn. HA. Tjuetonov inflowed knowledge 5 and added that I had to appeal to Dzhivi Glykanikh to give me the money and force me to give in, I unscrewed, but to force me to go to the country forcibly. conditional price, and sou iz krodita 2/3 for 6 9 kgѣsyatsovz give a bank discount of 10 percent, and inaddnogohat at alpha goods and, at a discount percentѣ, pay a swarm. Of course, it would be a good idea to do it if it was indicated that their part was very profitable and at a similar price they could be bought, but they bought something with it. Vlip at least a few parties, but to their best they’re also good and good, there is a hunt, it’s nice to buy as many as you want on xe per key and on any terms and conditions .. I will read it to him and show it to you, then we’ll show it to you we don’t need, time to come and he san come to kѣ қal_______1733_______bow down. If you accidentally see it, then it’s possible, but I was offended, but on the contrary, I’m satisfied, willow and love the suggestion for more than that% of the condition.In general, this year, I bought 28,000 kov at the Nizhny Novgorod Fair, Syria Yalovnikh Kokh, I sent five thousand and five on a cold road, Moscow-Yaroslavl-Vologda to Vyatka, and I took a loan for two times a day. It was written before that as soon as the product arrived, hell. dor, vyat ku, neva unanimously, with the state-owned benzylpurvozvei ve 5.000 cost to the factory and to start production, production of goods. 00 total area 23.000 kokh loaded onto a common towing barge and surf. do t in Sloboda in September. .In the middle of the fair, from 10-12, to the Nizhny Novgorod fair, the prominent Quarterly General у Shuvaev, in the accompanying department of technical management A.A. Zavadskidѣ. Having overestimated, on the day of the meeting, the Circus Committee, but at the request of Shugov, he gathered all the konsersantov, the upper hall in the back of the main house, appointed: noon about five hundred people gathered. Carefully, the indicated hour came to General Shuvaev and A.A. group gono ryl Shuvalov said patriotic speech, called on all pat patriotu, work for the army, as soon as possible, until the moment the demonization of the main enemy of Russia-Germany was over._______1734_______of breeched breeders The Bogorodsky breeders, whom Zavadskon, no matter what, wanted, however,I had to draw it closer to Glavnot the Quartermaster, but I at least gathered it and, knowing what the Chief Intondant was going to say, got up with a bunch of coded breeders, in order to give newness to the newcomers it was nice to get to know the main tenant and lovingly that they, in turn, will be speaking or sculpting Mainly - to Tsu Inondant. But not one of them cunningly but averted the gono-ralu Shu vaov and asked nothing but didn’t inspire him in silence. Geno - a goodbye, bowed goodbye and bowed down to the next group. Chasing the breeders chased obscurantly, almost as a matter of fact: I was silent, but it wasn’t enough to write a sweat on it, but I didn’t get it. I won’t have anything to cope with, we all know this ear and ayandali, but we need to find out in addition, then we must understand the main commandant’s control and there’s no need to understand it. in various smallѣ issuesѣ, but I, improve the case , vkhu, that after the conversations with the call, neither the campaign general Eluvaov overcame the sukonnіkan, but A.A. Zavad skіy night night, I went to bow and bowed, he offered my hand, he said hello, I said that I bought quite a lot of raw materials for salon goods in Yarızrk, but,_______1735_______Fir of the Russo-Japanese War, in 1905, at the same time, I bought boots and soldier's coats. I would like to ask Vasya, Andrei Androevich advice for the benefit of hell: should you buy sheepskin for the fair now? soldier's short fur coatsѣ. It’s going. Quim, probably and now Inten and the net will have to prepare short fur coats. A.A. Zavadskiy ... unscrewed; I advise you not to buy a sheepskin The war will not last long, the union will be broken, the bastro will be seized, and partly the army will be seized partly in battle, then, in 1% of cases, there will be no half-harvesting. he was t-sheep’s sheepskin, lighter than the ideovsheda, moved the kokh to the nadva. lightweight sweatshirt of 8% beaver that you’re pretty sure you’re in shorts and then sit in the galoshes in the sheepskin “llo my friend I advise you, didn’t contactby noting that short fur coats can be replaced by beaver and that the war will end in winter. At 20-27, many people come to the sea, And. St. Sokovnin - to consult such whether you should buy sheepskin. • He was on the marinas and looked at small parties from 3 to 5 thousand, but the broker kept the Astrakhan merchant Stolyarov, who has a lot of about 25,000 sheepskin, offering everything, he prescribes a cheaper price and other conditions. others, having learned that I will_______1736_______splѣ, know Vasya Vakhrushari, tor. dale F.T. Vakhrusheva Snoynoy # turned away, I know that only 8% of the manager of the phirin was at the fair. Stolyarov said that you should talk to him and take the whole party, don’t have to give him some money, and we’ll need to give him some time. FROM. “For a fabulous conversation, at Zavadsky, we sent a message that he was being beaten off or winnily giving so that the breeders were not at all concerned with the procurement of raw materials and would not unhook them, just to interrupt the others, I told the hall. Ayad. if you find the goods at Stolyarov’s suit, let’s buy the goods. Beoy cost% 1/2 or 1/3, and I will take the loan for myself, but suggest to Stolyarov that you personally “give the bills for 6 for the entire batch of lanka and 9 mѣ “syatsev., I’ll sign a guarantee, but I’m also a member of the company, but just a Wahrusher. Half I’ll take it again by contract for 1 A. Sokovni on, and I will work on my part at home, and I will work at V.S. Khidi’s factory, using Usponskot® salt and cheroz, equal to artisans. In this way. Out - again be my master, ay dovѣronnnѣ. On this day, Hn ended up agreeing, more than anything written to "talk. On the next day, An.s. Sokovni didn’t go and bought from - Stolyarov in the pair. In the evening, the agreed Stolyarova went to Kovnin’s agreement, I said the price and conditions. Dovіren nyya said that the owners of your company, earning your company a few years as much as they were selling you Astrakhan blubber fat $ A lot of years, but Mr. Sokovnin did not know!, But he said,_______1737_______Nah, that you agree Well, the sub-percent-% on his bills of exchange 020 the owner willingly sold under these conditions and sent me, so that, personally from you, to hear confirmation of these words. If before Zi even in words of attrodigit is viable, Sokovni no, then the owner will insist on signing a guarantee, in case you or A.Sokovni do not think this is why you unsettled it, but I cursed An.S. Sokov to personally sign the nanny entrust roofing and importѣ I confirm this to you, for there will be no inconvenience for us in this case for the first ravah, of course, of Rospodini. Stolyarov, not knowing A.S. Dokovnin, naturally, mustѣ copefrom well-known persons to him ”, and the second section will sell him already without my guarantee. At the next day, A, B, Sokovnin, while being hired and transported, transported the whole sheepskin to the Vyatka-Volga Shipping Company, I ordered it to go to the barge, lined up with our kotozonnym raw materials, and for delivery, we personally signed the biscuit, we prepared the evening meal, we prepared it for dinner. In% of the first half of September, both our raw materials of 1190 and the sheep’s for Sokovnin were delivered by the Shipping Company to Dobodoboy ...--.I signed the guarantee for Sokovnin personally on my own behalf, and not from the trading house, because I brought in Fod, I expressed myself even earlier that in a sheepskin coat 5 days or less, he wouldn’t take part in any other kind of leather dressing. Although he was legally not to prohibit ѣ signing a guarantee for Sokovin or for anyone else and on behalf of the merchant donor, for the trading house was not affected, even if the bills were registered by Stolyarov in the bank, so if they were in the bankno dgo_______1738_______the dates were only a sokovina and didn’t take any credit from our bargaining varo dora. Only in such a “case” a bi-agenda came to the guarantor if Voksolodatol did not pay on time, on the contrary, T, ө, given a new case, SokovnikВ. This was the only time I had to recover, but before that,% had come, but to the source of the deadline, this sheepskin will be udo from the ready-made soldier’s pillow, and the dongs will vanish for them, but I, fundamentally, wanted to give Pavel Fod the opportunity to reproach me for the fact that, for personal intuition, I used the right to write letters of guarantee from the day before.The proponent of the declaration of the Russo-Gorian War, throughout Ros cin, was simplified by selling alcohol-alcohol, all kinds of wine and beer in general for long and non-alcoholic drinks, but there was nothing to drink wine or drink it in private. .Accordingly, all alcohol lovers tried to make larger reserves personally for their needs. So, at Ni Dogorodsky Yardarki, we bought several boxes and sent them down. How many people came to the fair, Andrey Yves, Orlovli, and, in short, a pretext for the occasion, to buy several boxes of Angliyskoy bitter and hive ?. I’ll also buy vodka if I’m buying it for you. I refused to buy Vyatka to send home, and for the fair I asked for a few bottles for us), as well as light wines and acpeno kato “in general there’s no more than that, so .20-30 bottlesѣ. If but. having managed to make it clear that we’ll capture you in your own bag, and on 07 .. rule over 8% of the ship or dearly. , I don’t want to pose a risk of contraband, because the Government has made it worse, I have to obey, However, I managed to buy and transport a lot ~_______1739_______4 p. * since I know that because of VYaRVi she visited the fair, she was the vinotor of Rovtsa, for some reason she was especially familiar with our tastes, secretly bought and somehow, she took away Vyatka, and at the Nizhniy Novgorod fair, she sold wine quite freely, half-openly, served tea-pots There were a lot of cups or alum or nonsense bottles with one hundred cans and drunk all over the night. There was a lot of restaurants in Shul and a patriotic mood was uplifting "nio, But for most restaurants and cafes, it’s been open fabrics and artists the orchestras of music, in the evening, almost every half hour, at the request of the public, played timnim: Russian, French, English and Italian, the public, sitting at tables throughout the hall, ramped up and vomited, especially in Russian Ura. Ura. Hurray. At this time, archery artists and artists donned their shoulders on the national Russian side and on their bruisesѣ and cholovik53 walked all over the hall and gathered a servant of war and the organization of the hospital for the wounded, Lublik was very carefully tuned in very carefully. donated, given gold золот imzgөrіalaa11, that and the gold of 5 and 10 tons. rubles, hit on the go:Half of August 1914, Ivan Alekoђevich Kazeni n. come to ѣ nap ѣ nonәrѣ in the Nizhny Novgorod Yaryark ’and says that I would like to be happy with Bogorodsky’s leather. Who’s for the вод vodchik’ - Mikhail Vasilovich Rusinov and his whole family; Recommended to you, you had, I had tea, and I saw tea Valentina Lietrovih and praise_______1740_______ ldl sa Rusinovna and in! ”Val salt, located here. Rusinovi instructed him to ask - to arrange for you somewhere, on new ground, acquaintance, sodios, home flooding ѣ or in the garden or in the theater. I said, we don’t refuse to make acquaintances I am pleased to meet you if you go to the modem on neutral ground, where they can start, but also invite or come to their place. Yves, A. Nazeni talked all day on N.V. Rusinov’s day, he came to черl чер kam to say that today they were black, they were noisy, they ask them to come together with Vamp aad, where there is music and an open concert, there to meet again in order to meet you as if by chance / without any obligation to atopop atorop. At one o'clock in the evening, I and Valentina and Kolya poisoned themselves at the fair garden and there we had the chance to have Inan Al.Kazonіvѣ, a stock of their “Vas. Rusinovit” and his daughter Antoni doy Mutx. Rusanova, Van walked in the garden, took a paid "place for an open scene. I valѣtil, Cho Mih, Bao. Rusinovѣnetsya and something denchetol with his daughter. Iroitlo is now prominently, they are still having a wave of axes and finally. V.V. Rusanovѣ says, 21, we’re setting up here yet another brain of a son who should have beenhell for a long time and do not know a dose that he was bullied. Yodokhdөl өdө I think he’s ancestral and in, walked alight, sat the rocks. Estimated hour. or one and a half. The public began to kill in the garden, and the son being given Py was sins ѣ and ѣ. We began to get home and say goodbye. II. at.. BHpa 311. Rusinov, with a large zone. 5, through Ivan Al, Naveni to twist - no one who, by their initiative, encouraged them to invite to_______1741_______ the garden, but some kind of reason existed, but doesn’t even know how much the son did, but he did it. Tomorrow, explaining to both the conditioner that he should pay an appointment wherever he went or invited her to take care of Yos. On the other don’t, they knew through Karolina that Bao di vihaylovich Rus noronya / olz 2% 8 hours, in the garden and around Glavnaya Don The last buyer of Biosnyanin, Laz Rostov-on-Don. The last day I took Rusinov’s well under my arm and talked about local fairs for 5 days, I asked the Chorov Main House, and then afterwards I took the conversation and continued talking, I started drinking tea and $ everything was held tight, no sitting hurry up, asking about equal Bogorodsky factory owners and so, kept him for 2-Z 1/2 hours. Ot Vesnyanқyznavasilіy. Ru sinor "went out at eleven o'clock in the morning, see that .. garden. go ear too late and go. go home your shop. At the same time, the father and father%, i.e. tribute to I.V. Rusinov with a daughter in the garden. We arrived at the garden at eleven o'clock in the morning. The will says: we went to see the groom, and we looked out the bride. Spring pancakes col. On the herd of Kuschy day we received from the Rusinovih Offical Club. invitation to hide to them at the fair shop pop na na. Voroo, we went to Rusinovnik v. I give tamg% of them, a cut in srooy family, bnl ute Yves. A. Kozeni and their genus Twvennik II, Uncle Donikh, Alexander. Aleksandrovich with his wife, After tea Vasily gakh Rusinov, offer I1 for our Valentine to ride on the New Novgorod%, on the slope, admire the beautiful coast of the river Volga, on Nat. : Hagorodok fair at the evening ѣ ovѣdөnіn. They are twice as big, bil podan risok, one $ 85 dukhurnyh near the best restaurants_______1742_______feet, we don’t have another half an hour and left the don, and she skatedsa one and a half or draSo spend three days, two, three and three days: zroshaya Vasiliya Verakh. Rusinov’s ad-search prodolzhio, and on the other hand, began to talk about this current: with a different one. From the beginning of the draft of Ivan Al Kazoviral, I stated that I personally would love to have a couple of breeds nayaѣNA 3% RusinovELLI, by the way I would like to be a little bit different. sympathy one nt to another dѣ Khondҳon. If this is me profile ir. Ah, Kazovi, but it’s new to know frankly from the old Rus that you’re scribbling in their circle of pride # about to blame the obscure donor donor, I warn you that donor don’t give the nabos anymore, and the rest was done only because I don’t Hu, and I believe that for the village of Bogorodsky it will be decent, willow, A, Khazanin was exactly the rarer flora of Rusino, a very old man. All of them, Rusin’s adolescent, Donon Haro, was given some other money, thank God, there is swan, nam nukhn for the son is good news and d83 of a good family. , God God will lead to be related, that both sides of the skeleton. Well, they are satisfied and suitable. II. One to another. Topikhu Valont repelled what she thought, and, advising him from Roditolamata, so two days passed before the negotiations took place, said Valon tya, rushai sala, on priony, honi zavidPius, in the middle of the tragedy and ours in a circle, co-competitor and co-valued Val likes to start the business, but does not like the ride. ” Thinthe beginning, of course, wrote the doc tsar the telegram to ask o blessed o.Kholol doltago hesitation Valentina said, well_______1743_______ sho, according to me, ishich is small telogram, before she was deadly, she immediately sent the telegram Apollinarid "Alokseryri Vakhruzhova, to the village of Vakhrushovo, informing you in detail and asking them to refuse my consent and to receive a telegram from them all at home. ѣ flag од odor ом om, Then they gave Russia a word of finality and appointed a black and white, two, three days official engagement, I asked Ivan A. Casoni to write out the boards, 8% of the Atekaroykh store, several pairs of shaved: tanty versions and pendant We’ll take it and let the rest be right, 24% back, Nikolay Vasakh. Nahr Vakhru thought that his wife in Moscow could bring these things to the fair, by the way, she’s going to go to the fair. they sent everything to Anva vanova Vakhrusheva. Through bitches and one and a half, everything was delivered from Moscow. During this time, Valentina wakavale to the evening of their engagement to the city calling for payment. The Rusinons wrote out 18% of the village of God srodskogo his priest confessor. The day I appointed from Nyal in Nihtnom Novgorod, in first-class hotels, a large room and booked for 50-60 people, with wines and a sha: Panokia, a rent of about a thousand rubles, I invited my Vyatka friends-breeders who had not gone away at 85 Vyazka fair and also invited friends of four Iotropavlovskys - Farzonroyshchikov to go to the place of the Jewish looser Lurma and, finally, to manage the Department of State Bank of Russia Nikolai Pavlov cha lio lyananokago, which is generous to come by foot, but for dinner._______1744_______Rusinovi, with their stop, invited their kindred clans and others, fifteen. At 7 o’clock, they all gathered in Val .. the hotel, the Priest read the prayer of prayer, the first prayer, when they entered marriage, they made champagne and congratulations were held. Then they sat down at 11-11, the tables were left open one and a half. I forgot to warn and order a separate meal for the guests of the Tatar cut at least ptsѣ / duck indie /. First, cold good fresh fish served with sauce and everything was prepared abundantly, we got a lot of portions, because of that. Uzi nom, at the diner table we had some vodka, and then, having in mind another friend to eat, so that almost half of the rib was left on the dishesѣ and I put this dish on the Western side on the western table .. When the second dish was served, I I noticed that my Tatars are all chili and they’re sitting, don’t eat anything. Am I out of the way, come up to me and ask? why Vn on 38yali nyassaga kusіanya, they said they could not. Russian fotzip, but it’s so worth it to eat fish, if we can, then we’ll finish this riba .. I unscrewed, knives, knivesand now I will order you to submit, but Galei Salahovi Biryushor says, yes, we and the sled will take Huein Abd. That was not the case and the porcine dish with mushrooms was so hot that they all scrambled up that they didn’t foresee this, but flowing very narrow on them made it just sweet. Behind the uninѣ, of course, there were ordinary cakes, Ilísl ushin in the process of transferring into the living room, where coffee was served with lockers. When the tables were removed, the hour was 10 prіkhalѣ n, 11, Polyanskiy ot otnokii_______1745_______gѣ, and with the order of St. Vladimir on sho на, Yavstril til him, a sign of Rusynovnik, and the tahse with the same nikatsѣ and the other and other guests. Congratulating the champagne, 13you have coffee, the time has come. By the second hour and everyone began to collect their children, cancer, like most lived on the side of the bar, and in 12 children a dice bridge was drawn through - through Oѣu rѣku, then I had to bark into boats. Therefore, they preferred to leave before twelve o’clock ... All this happened on the last day of August around 26 27, so that all of our trading business in the Yariark was over. On the next Don. The Rusinovs invited us to Bogorodsko !! We agreed, and together we went along the Okna to the steamboat. 8% of the crew, La Bogorodsky from the horse, 3 or 4 crews were requested by the Rusinovs, and were taken away to solo. Her city was established on my way to the Rusinovs and guests were staying for a day. Llerenopavo at home at home, V.V. Rusinov ordered us to show their funeral factory, located in the same courtyard, near the house. The factory is built on a quiescent and steam engine: -motorically by force. Since 8% of 400 factories located in selv. Bogorodo com with steam engines had only 10 or 20 plants, then the plant ”Rusinova was considered to be in number. first-rate. Three assots ѣ I did not express $ and admiration, nor criticism, Iotom, diakonodRun sinovѣ filled up in his own warehouse of% ready-made. kovѣ, which turned out to be full of% pavement warehouse, that is, I saw, ny, dubbing cow, but not planed and sawn, Rusinov. on the occasion of mobilizationt_______1746_______Thtx, but then, now I’m selling әsykh kov долг debt to the STS. Going all the way to ro l'of, 00 colinacOTIPONIATS DE MOCIby NO croure, na papir all the time and will offer you the price, because we sewed 27 until January 4, I eat the genip Rusinova, I threw the kitchen over, examined and Yes, the product is very good and I'm on Bz - m. I wouldn’t sell this product, but I would buy it for soldier’s belly records and I believe that this would be much more profitable. ! .Rusinovѣ said, we never л.L .: 0 treasury not hіmі; whether boxing, start, and if you find that 24 Seeno profit it to open and pass them to the treasury, so buy, I’m happy to троk trutem. You opet you for state treasury ”, bring Vyatka, sell a number of crates to the treasury, I asked what price ¥ 11 is under which conditions :: You sell me a lot, A.V. Rusinov said that the price was the same as that which existed at the last Nizhny Novgorod fair. Payment of bills 12 lѣsyatsev, i.e. I’m going to attend the Nizhny Novgorod Fair, I’m OTR: til, 90 whether it’s a serious offer, then for Venya it’s conditional, if I have all the goods 24 “I know, then I’ll take a look from paradise and I’ll buy it with pleasure. My son Koly went and killedIt. It was true that the product was good 1%, monotonous and very suitable for cutting into full romance, I said that I confirm - I give, the product is very suitable for a soldier of such belts and I’ve cut it by myself and by no means at all not a salesman. 5 33% of the total. If you categorically refuse to cut it yourself, then you can buy the whole lot at the price you have appointed and the terms and conditions. І We ask Bags to immediately weigh and send this product to * .d. въ Вятку біөл. dor. duplicates and funds send us to the village_______1747_______Voznesensko-Vakhrudovo. If you wish, I can now give Vaat an advance of thousands of bills of exchange for five decay rubles, and the rest, after completing a detailed calculation I will pay you a percent of the house, immediately, by gender, in. the goods of N.V. Businov said the century “for now, we need to, take all the goods from home when the goods arrive at your factory”. It is my opinion that I was finished, we got up, prayed to God, hit on the hands. Rusinov said, God forbid you good use, and I am pleased that from the new matchmaker at the first sale, we will justify all the expenses of the upcoming wedding, unscrewed, I will not hide the fact that we will benefit from cutting, only with a barefoot suit 20 var an extract in drums *, which was difficult for you to be a kocher%, because, as I see, your extract tanned coat wasn’t working out, but for us it’s all on the go and I’m ready to give you more - it won’t give you trouble.The next day, in the evening, we drove to the marina, many left for Nizhny Novgorod again on the same boat and from 3 Nicho city fair, departed for some time, at least 8% 24oskvu, in Petrograd, but let me know, through the river, across the river, to get acquainted with Apollinariy Alekseevna, who was supposed to pass through Vyatka to Petrograd to order a prosthesis.they were sent by telegram, being called daughter Olga and many, at the same time 0% Arrolinarіy Alekseyevna, they passed through II the city of% and stopped at the hotel Iaria, on Gogol Street. There Iago, after a day, pr13 Kali Rusinovi cable, Michael. Vasilyevichѣ, Vasily Mikhailovich and Avtonida Mihaylovna, Having met at Apollinarium Al, they began to burn out when and where to eliminate the conspiracy and the wedding. We decided, 5_______1748_______Well, on October Vudnovin, I’ve been solo, in my name Nini and then conspired to arrange, and then agreed to finally set a wedding day in the village of Bogorodskon.lipitxal in otrograd I immediately went to the Main Quartermaster: 00 It was managed, but I announced the application for 200,000 lapel and 2,000,000 scholone. Now, I have approved this esvzavka for our company and, on the other hand, I have concluded a “contract”.Taking advantage of the occasion of the Rusinovs' visit to Potograd%, at the same time as our somya, I decided to give both friends to the Petrograd friends and, in 1871, to acquaint them with some salt and about Russia, minks and also Alexander Denyomolov, I would like to invite you to send me a quote. Grigory Ivanovich and Dario Fn lipovna koshurnikovykh, left Vasilovich and iodine waiting for Chihi hailovna Maksimovi.Zar. three of the Rusinovs and five of us, our family, at resto early, on Konyushennaya Street, ordered a large separate breakfast and a good breakfast for fourteen people. Such a bezel is elegantly plucked, and the appetizer and vodka are at a separate break, balnka, songa whole fish, roe caviar, vorniotaya and so far, most cans in ice and other snacks, at the same time the hotel was in hot water. 1 tore off the appetizer from the rib and lay the caviar, whoever cooked. Snack breakfast, drink 2-3 glasses, all the conditions for such a shout. We brought boiled starlet, pickled sauces, one huge for twelve portions, stuffed fried hazel grouses, pastry, fruit with coffee, when we bought some wine, , red and champagne, coffee, litcorn,_______1749_______to everyone, according to taste. Breakfast prodottil four hours and before leaving. - out of the restaurant, many filed an account of approximately qo2% rub. They didn’t have time yet: to disperse, like right there, in: office, Mih, you. Mack Simov. proposed. Brusnitsyn and Koshurnikov for my breakfast otr Rit such a breakfast, at least sent the troil together. Immediately khe was called by the director of the restaurant manager, Frenchman Leonard, they buried food for tomorrow in the same office and composed tomorrow a twelve different nouns for 12 o'clock, and then they jumped and crushed us all for tomorrow morning at breakfast, including this office. Did Anol Nariya Aleksev spend all this time walking on dust? On the next day, after breakfast, and having finished all their affairs according to the Normanism, in the evening they left to the will. home, in Vyazka, and the Rusinovs left for the village of Bogorodskoye.Proѣvdon in the Nigkhgorod Fair Cherr. Moscow, Petro grad%, and then went to Voskv store. The Makarovs, returned the rest of the brilliart things, and the selected skills for Valentina, I’ll write down about the Makarovs, to my account, which they willingly sled for, take, please, without a session, which will take all the year, and you can change, or return, and give the final account, submit to you the next Nizhny Novgorod yard._______1750_______When you exit the Nizhny Novgorod Fair through Moscow to the wind. I'm glad%, we have a random, sorry incident. I have ten bottles of equal wine left, which were "bought ҹөрө8% A, Yves, Ogdobli — for, for personal drink, I’ve taken number, for dinner or otherwise, you simply accepted a client or a guest from yourself .Before leaving the roses of the fair, everyone packed up the wooden coffin cases, drawers and suitcases of young Kolya and Valya, and he helped those who heard in Kolya Nosov / blue Anton Antonisimovich /. This time I presented Kolѣ Nosov with ripped pocket watchkidney, He, packing bagahhh, boasting, saying, Nikolai Tsog rovich and Valen and on Ietrovna, look at what a smart chick was sent by the owner, Kolya looked, congratulated ero and additionally said, it probably didn’t cost you a lot, because: every day we got a parting from our distance. Koly But. ” thank God, I wouldn’t have done a single workout for the fair, I didn’t name Pantele at all; Nikolay Ietrovich said, is it true that something is badly believable and, if it’s wrong, then it’s wise to envy, but time hasn’t left: when you had to go home, then brag about all the comic conversations; road. The rest of the wine was partly pushed into the underside of the bottle, and part was put into a small wicker box, wrapped. carefully - bottles of paper and towelsLotsy, I filled the box with Vodya Nosov II, but inexperience, a thin buoyan with a mountain ash poloPl $ down, damn it, but it would be badly wrapped it in a towel. -_______1751_______When porch arrived at the station, the porters began to take out all the things from the carriages, to pull out, from the beginning, to the stone locker, in front of the station. the locker and a bottle of ashberry broken and spilled, the wine you watered the baskets and a stream flowed down the stone locker. My son Nicholas speak. Kolѣ Nosov, you’ll enter the # cart basket, roll the brandy into a thin bottle and beat it down, now Rabѣ will get a dad from the dad. I’m coming from the station to:. . niiѣ and I hear a conversationѣ and I ask my Nikolai why you sneak into Kolya, what heѣs done. My son shows himself on a jet on the floor, so look, put the brandy of the open box poorly wrapped, the porter dropped it. the basket fell on a stone floor, but it broke. I turned to Kolѣ Nosov and I say, ah, so Pant П ”, I beg you to pack the bottles, but if you are not experienced with these things, but then I turn to my son and I’ll say it’s your own fault, davte boy such things to stack, which u. it turned out to be the first time I got it into your hands, you should have done it yourself or taught it to me. I sent a carriage to the wagon, but the dealer had to carry the basket after me, as if to meet us at the station handicap and directing a pool of wine to the locker. He bent his finger and dipped in spirit, one nose, sniffed, lick zero and said, I take alcoholic drinks% and ran around catching up with us. But? I saw how the gendarme leaned on a puddle and sober up in something, fell down. a basket of wine, iz ruk nosilshchіz ka / telling the taste to carry the rest of the bagah in nazi wagon, where it is. I took it for us, and I will bring this little one._______1752_______The porter left, the first jerk, well,% the first and the closest car. second class, see a free photo on the shelf over% alien. busy mѣstol, put his box there to blame and went on for the car, went ahead and counted it, went out for the car, got rid of them, and when we were at the fair, “Nikolay Pavlovich Krasnykh spoke, he says a lot aboutThe gendargy is going to draw up a report that you are carrying alcoholic drinks, because on the locker, they sniffed the bottled brandy. Since, on the occasion of the war, I sold alcoholic beverages, it was forbidden, of course, we were all scared. I say H.P.Krasnykh, call me back, give me a credit card, say no, I’m afraid I’m better than you are a satsi. Kandari comes to us, recognizing a porter, 80 he’s in a car and needs to show where he is I loaded things that I couldn’t take: the car for these passengers, pointing to us. The porter went into the car, showed our things, the handarm looks attentively, sniffs the air, doesn’t see anything suspiciousѣ and doesn’t hear the smell, I ask for the handicap; onthe locker is broken one bottle and the wine is poured into the lockerѣ, it’s necessary "but to draw up a protocolѣ. I saw how this porter was wearing. that thing of your things, the notes of a basket with wine, not vhu. I say, we didn’t have a basket and, as you see, we had a basket20 luggage was hand luggage, I now checked it all over my face, Zhandaryz checked it, but I doubted everything and went to the next place I was looking for it from the other end, sniffed, but to no availWell._______1753_______flow that basket with “wine” was carriage ѣ вагө85 34 023 ours. Kandarm waved his hand, went on his own purely servant, I was one in the corridor of the car. I’m showing him a credit card, and, I say, I want to treat you for unsuccessful efforts, but perhaps you won’t find anything in the buffet, but you yourself can find it and you will drink our health, and you, in Moscow, take it for your health. He laughed, smiled, wailing, thanking% and went out to B to the eldest handart that there was nothing, there was one bottle in the new dish and it broke. Having delighted to eat them home, we were afraid of something else, which I didn’t notice, probably, was gutting in the third class, but don’t give anything to you, that’s all and it ended. My son. Nikolai said, “I know Nosov, well, that Kolya got up early, that I howl, the fair didn’t even call you, I warned you, then you still have to call, when you don’t come, then brag about it. Kolya Nosov did it, yes, Nikolai Petrovich, you had to wait to brag about it, but you scribbled it and predicted a lot of such misfortune, but vaddy, because of me and you, it’s horrible, Papa blamed him more. Vasya, why the hell did Val try to teach me, Nikolai Petrovich said that he shouldn’t be considered to whom, more fell, forward. both will be more experienced and there will be no thin bottle. it’s rather thick, and, even better, we won’t carry wine “when it is forbidden to be sold. On the second or third stage, we transferred a box of wine and an 8% long-haul wagon and took everything home. Kolya Nosova from fairs sent to the Sokovni nnnѣ along Vyatka moves._______1754_______When you came from Petrograd to Vyatka in vstrtilin to the wok hall of Mikhail Vasilyevich and 14arya Prokopyevna bironovyh and a nigi ѣkhal. Onoki and merchant Jew Durva nѣ. They remained after: from the fair to a few more days to the fair, to finish their affairs, and the stream decided to go through Petrograd%. to Vyatka. As it turned out, the porter took a lot of different wagons for us. The third call ma and Mironovi left, every one. in your wagon, and Derkan uye on the go train, didn’t have time to get into his wagon, was quick to enter our wagon, and vazel in our compartment, “I invited” to sit down. Lernan said, after your departure, and after the Milygorod fair, on The next day I received Omsk’s seam — documents sent to Irkutsk, the Transbaikal cat in the amount of 13,500 code, I would like to sell you to the fair so that I would also receive bills of exchange, which I received on registered mail 05 very early, but for a day I am glad to wind you to dress.Here, delete, our purchase in Transbaikalf at 14 rubles per d%, the product is seasonally tinned and sewing soup, everything is stipulated in the conditions. Herehedging accounts and duplicate-travel duplicates, goods sent to Vyatka, present duplicates ... I look through terms and conditions and duplicates, everything is alright. I ask dope, and you yourself or. Your companion ѣ did you receive the goods ѣ at the time of purchase or also bought in absentia. Can you guarantee that $ didn’t get there, from the fistula or the gateway, and you got 8% of the land for writing and saying%, here’s the letter from the new companion Kochurin, II wrote that all the goods personally inspected. and having weighed, so that it’s impossible to vouch for_______1755_______try to sell and take the net profit per ruble per pud% I help ahl Lerman, what do you call the net profit per ruble per pud, Darv Nan explains it so that Irkutsk carries your and, if you tighten bills, then accounting. You are at the time of the issue of the vxedes, and the delivery is 10. Transbaikalat. to Irkutsk and F% for capital, from the day of our purchase until the moment they sold, of course, they remain at our expense. for both parties and I, perhaps, would not sleep to bargain with you. the benefit is less than a ruble. But you know that I bought a decent consignment of raw materials in the Nizhny Gorod Yariark and kept giving money to my personal money, so that I’m poofing, I find it difficult to communicate anything to you, and if I pay everything with bills, although for accounting, then I told you if it’s possible that you can take into account all the promissory notes in Omsk. Lerman didn’t worry, if we have no promissory notes, write the dates at your discretion - 30, and she will take half a milli of your bills we will take into account in one bank almost in I said Whether it tak, I agree. , while I was talking to Vakhtev that I wouldn’t find any fistulas, I’m not a fool, then B% otherwise, we will receive an appropriate discount on it, by mutual agreement about 50%, I’ve said to the total cost of Lermany, if you please, I give my full I agree, I will rub it and they yourself, at your discretion in the sun, “I will rely on you, I know that there’s no marriage, but you will not reject anything in vain.” You shook hands, I pr: Nyal ot from Lerman all documents and put yourself in your pocket. At station Derman I ejected my bell, and then I brought my wagon into it, and from the other end of the wagon go into chihail you. Mironov and_______1756_______steal, I thought that Merman was sitting with you, for almost half an hour ѣ dөmъ, and he wasn’t in his own carriage. I said that he was edd and just now went out to the buffet. Mih, B, Mironov says I’m going to find him and bring the Descent, and I’m mocking up Vasya, he has a good party control of Transbaikalia. I say, bargain de mnuha, I bought 13 1/2 thousand from him. code. Mironov looks at me and says, but it hurts so soon, they wanted to work for brokers, at least to improve it, but they had already managed to read everything. But for this, well done, now you have eaten the Novgorod purchase, praise. luy, there’ll be about fifty thousand raw materials, I take it away, about 4I or 42. Hanging out, cuckooing, naberefoya. Having returned to Vyatka, we left our village and the next morning Leriana pr1ѣkhal kakh nah I sat down and took away we’ve calculated, they gave a century of mudflow, I brought it to a factory and a shoe factory and, after breakfast, әnѣ uѣhal vyatka given the word that the whole batch of raw materials, whichthey’ll have typed in the fall, all this he offers is the most common promise to buy about the existence of those who forsake us.In the year 1912 or 913, warning through our father, Deacon Arkadiy Ivanovich Marakuli, on the occasion of the visit of the village, in: the house was naliz. Vyatka kitchen and owner of the European State Tinnitsa, Dmitri Filimonovich. Chuchalovѣ, with his godson "Aleksem ... Istomi indi. / Officerөr, captain. We were a warning-day-deacon. A.I. Maraku linyh, where the purpose is their sign_______1757_______to remorse A, and Istomu with our daughter Olga Petrovna, eat a purpose ”, in case of mutual sympathy, marry her, We received them, at times, kindly, cordially, inviting at the same time Father A. Iv, Karakou - lina. After the tea Chuchalov sat down with A.I. Marakuli now playing together in the hussar’s screw, A.I. Istomin and our daughter Lei left to go for a drive to Vikentov’s horse, to go on strollers for new tires, in the direction of Slobodsky. nali and uѣ hali home. Did I know whether Istom11 B% of the offer of our Case did not send, and that she didn’t know anything, they didn’t know anything. But to us egg, parents, neither Istolin nor Chuchalov said anything. After 2-3 days, I was in Vyatka and sent Istomin a disastrous visit, with no 25 conversations at the expense of ө ө бы there wasn’t. After a few days, cost N% ufkhal v Petersburg%, double our 2 to distant relatives. / Vyat. Evfaliya Alekseevna Arbuzova, Dmitriy IIrokopevcheny Orlovy13 / lived there for two months. it wasn’t justly conceivable. After those those there was a rumor that Istotsi was treated in Veterburg, but how much time it was, it wasn’t known. During this time, our daughter Lelya left for PetersburgAt Bestuzhevsky courses, they went with their cousin Zto “Af. Plastunova / that is, the daughter of my sister Anfisa Aleksandrovna Plvstu new and Afanasy Ivanovich Plastunov ./. / Hooked up the room and at one time went to Nick Nick. Khudokhilov. At the courses Lelya was a year or a year and a half, the Russo-Turman War began, she did not continue to study_______1758_______she wasn’t in the classroom. / the don left, it seems, in touch with a wickedness, Alolly’s legs were Alekseevna’s, and Zina Plastunova had left the bachelor’s courses with a new one. Tanaevskii iї, but, on the occasion of the war, until the proposal was submitted and it went on for a year and a half or two, he went to the junior school after passing an accelerated course on the occasion of the war and was poured in the first officer’s rank, prachordicosis. 3 on. Plastunova continued. study in Petersburg, but father Afs. Nasіy Iva: opdch IIlastunov). Ill% He was the boss who won over his uncle, Ivach Yakovlevich Kalili, to see the workers again, but the thief was new, but the thief was too big 3 didn’t pass the sparrow, but the horse lifted up completely, I took it and pulled the blame to the polo in and out with the sled in the gate, but then he got stuck, neither hold nor forward. Then Afanasііv Jv, started working and started tohell to pull the horse through, the gate, take him upstairs. Raising my shoulder inward and at that time I did not feel that the inside of the yari had exploded. Ma and veѣnіya dyadon on now xe prіѣkhal b. Vyatka at all with Anfiva Aleksandrovna, 00were at our place, on Moskovskaya Street, at the house of Klabukov. They called Dr. S.A. Ishtno, who examined the patient, said that he was very serious and he had to call his daughter Petrograd. They gave her a telegram, her father was dangerously painful, and inappropriately went home. Fri Vetrodograd to Vyatko train% goes one and a half days. Zna immediately left the first_______1759_______dө everywhere. Tioka she was a phala, Afanasy Ivanovich kept getting up and down, drowned and realized that he was eating and all managed soon and Zinochka would come, at least wait and bless her. He appealed to me with a request, dear Aleksandrovich, pamper, do not leave yourselves down with Anthiazochka and Zinochka and prospect to call his brother, Fedor Ivanovich, from the name of E. Vyatka, telling him something to please. He asked his wife to bury him in his village and put on a frock coat, in which he ended. 14 nights, he began to speak quietly and henko quieted everything. They asked the doctor to tighten up how much “Ipolvoy” the paramedic was on duty and the doctor told him if the pulse is still, to quit, give a pillow 4% oxygen. At midnight, they gave oxygen, I exhaled the entire pillow, the patient, although he was still breathing weakly, was fully aware that everyone asked whether Zinusya had died at four in the morning at four in the morning. Daughter arrived at St. Petersburg at 9 a.m. at the same time at night at # imor, Iv.Plasya nov.dotva0%, nsent on purpose .. in and m and e for a coat and others. Ordered. “A sepulcher and a veil, they invited a priest, they buried requiem severalto pass. Next otsі. On the day of dovraz, they all took it, put it in “samples and, having received the proper authorities, took them away: village. Fedor Iv.Tilastuvov had a senior record. Vikentii Fedorovich%,” godson of the uncle Afanasy Ivich considered necessary, add. His telegram was sent to the front line of the army that died on December 9, Ada Nasii Ivanovich%. Vikentiy gedoronich%, having received a legram, repented it to his superiors, who had ruined the enumeration. To go to the funeral, gave immediately leaveѣ and accelerated free_______1760_______This was the last soldier of the village of Vikentno soldierѣ Vincenti Plastunov pirіyhal dotsoy ѣ depot burialѣ, which everyone was surprised and delighted with. Owning it, the soldiers were only lying in the fall, at the beginning of the war and the service was bad for only six months, but noting that he wanted to wake up and lose his godfather, but he “said goodbye forever. After the funeral, he went home at least a few days on he returned to the front in 1 trenches and in the first xhe it was not necessary to kill the trenches of the Vrahean’s head, just as he thought, to look like the nenets were located, put his head up, and when he did, he was laughing. forehead. Through the last month, the Lastunovs received 3% of the headquarters of the army laziness about the funeral. Vikentiya Plastunova and .. at the same time, the service comrades wrote a detailed letter to the descriptor / described above / how the past was killed Vikentin F. Plastunov During the funeral I received the telegram received yesterday evening from St. Petersburg of the Central Command of the Commandant's Office, in which they asked me to immediately appear to be in the Tender Office. First, let me give you a little notice of the funeral. Ordchi station and from there go straight into IIөtкуrburg, not having to go to Vyatka, but I think that I can offend my sister, I can send the following to the telegraph, approximately the contents: Petersburg., Main Inten given management. On the occasion of the death and the funeral of my son-in-law, I’ve left Peter Burg only two days later, After the funeral I returned before, and_______1761_______ceiling paѣҳal in Neterburg. Appearing in the main Quartermaster Office, to the majority of the assistant chief of the Quartermaster General. It is rich and appeals to many questions why you did not fulfill last year’s contract for 30,000 pairs of soles and soles, I rejected that this contract was my own: I had a chance to complete it, i.e. the goods have been covered and presented to the landlords on registration for a clear receipt, but they lay in the warehouse at the beginning, nine months, didn’t even look at them ii, Then we took them empty - whether to build boots, but overriding by mutual agreement, said, 17 th, you take the trouble to immediately introduce another product under the same contract and give it a full turn, sti give us pleasure, even 5 kopecks, a second and a couple, but what the heck do we need if the processors are lying. they don’t accept, Veli goods will come again nine months this is delaying our working capital. If we reject the contract and pay the legal penalty. General Botko skatal, not, not, give the goods, but we will order you to accept them immediately, by submitting immediately to the statement that you are currently presenting gta present the goods in full, with a discount of 5 ko per ru. I have returned. if you please, I will serve. declared, but what about, the forfeits, the overhead will be new invoices, it will be reckoned that the goods were presented after the deadline and then, when the district’s commissariat is present, it will retain the penalty of 10% and a discount of 5 kopecks per pair. Val, yes, pull away, as expected from the contract, but. Subsequently, file the appropriate application and the penalty will be given to Vda. folded and returned, it’s impossible nowѣ all this is stipulated in the application_______1762_______I can’t give you a subscription until the goods have been handed over and I haven’t absorbed any evidence that he was presented to Waki ​​on time, but although I’m breathing you in, I’m unstable now. You have nothing to worry about; one cannot eat anything else. I gave, we have covered the required declaration and home insurance, we sold the goods and were accepted immediately, but the forfeit and the discount, when calculating, kept the District Intension. I didn’t immediately file a petition for puffs and forfeit, I won’t know why, and then I forgot, I didn’t have free time to compile and file the petition and missed it for more than six months, I began to make my own belated petition, then I decided not to file, leaving me in good faith and a discount, in general of 5 or 6 thousand rubles, and never once imposed on this to General Bogako.Вѣ 1912 or в3 1913 Paul. Fedorovich, he began againѣ. 9th bailiff in order to build a second tannery on Rusovskaya purchased land, I tried to prove to him that this is now timely, because our firida hangs on Volodka, experiencing the financial crisis, we still have a shortage of working capital, we are means spend another hundred thousand rubles for the construction, then let him kill everything.our dѣdo. If you want to nodra dalit factoryѣ for two chats, then it’s fashionablethe existing factory at the moment is subdivided to complement the image. - Zom, counting one end of the plant as one, and the other as the other brother, .. but without violating the company, and it was necessary to work together, as before the set._______1763_______PavedFedorovich, pod # avѣ nadim these are two lighthouses, rѣshilt, which is not necessary. hodir all se subdivide the plant, even if it’s the kind of view, During this time, not only the bankruptcy of Mukhail and Nikolai Ivanovich’s Vakhrush, we bought - how much strip of shakhar land, with which, on the other hand, it touched our factory and was built on it public almshouse, they sold that diarrhea to us: 5that for the poor ovary to take away, for the rest of their lane, a two-tier dowel, and we undertook to transfer, at our own expense, the stone alms-house or to build the same more at our expense ”, for the church and for the church and parish school and put it on Stulovskaya’s hair, introduced the existing one, until the entire canopy rang from the tract to the river, together with 1% existing on some buildings, that is, the god of complete obedience, transferred to our full ownership. 11 we invited the notary Svntorzhetskago, distributed according to the plan the water% and all land adjoining to it, into two equal parts, with the first land coming in, on which water is available for the water # corps along the river, where B% of them are zoned and at a numerical distance, and in the second floor, a shoe factory, a hotin department of Lenip, a large-root area at the base, was dried. , the first anvar from the cellar55, the izvarniy azhbarѣ, a car wash and an office, a warehouse for delivery of state supplies, the Intendan prisemshchikov and, finally, the entire hair of the land purchased from Ivanovich’s house: alms and oval. le rychki, from the subordinate, starting the whole building, full to the end, and after all the building, standing to the first verb, along the palaces of Ivan Fedorov cha, occupied with rash, tanning drums, fatty from dleni_______1764_______Atl, sotd второмlөnіyant, located in the second floor, barns-marketable, / bought from Dr. Ivanovskago /, aa the aviars entered the strip, but it was built and used for drying a whole thirst, pendant from Vladi pa Ari Dreevicha Vakhodse, finally, dөrөv di Rusanovskaya, with all the constructions found on it. At the same time, the notarial act is stipulated that the subdivision is only subdivided, the title and the builder, and everything inside the equipment, the car, etc. remains common property, according to the Monarchy book, Kinuli Revov and the plot went to Pavel Fedorov AG 2 plots went to Alexander Fedorovich. They also didn’t distribute the wooden dowdy, in which the bearers of the Quartermaster, located by the tractor, by the road, by the altar, by the direction to the forest. II built on the communal lanes 3 occupied Fedorov whose entire length was the palace, 8% of them. , but Prebik Ilcham and 4 Fedorovicham. From under four of them, they ate two palaces, such as a ridge. Such to Paul Fed. I got a bloody Pshiy dose to the tract, on the other side it’s expensive, if you count from the tract, it’s equal to the forest and, next to it, it’s empty, but built up palace, so that. Powered by F. 20өdinilѣ ph in one general, he filled the fence. Mnѣ xө, i.e. I will follow father Aleksandr Fedorovich, got, by horseback, on the first side, the road, near the dog, the last palace and along it, and the first courtyard at the path to the altar, to a vegetable garden% of the vegetables and a small garden, in detail to the pahapna and the skid areas left undivided_______1765_______The first use of Alexander and Pavel Fyodorovich Vakhrushevs x xxx offspring. P. Svntorzhetskiya all executed this notarial act, issuing us, both parties, notarized concession This notice%, our village was drawn up. * Soon hernias. Potrovich bvѣ invadezky fell ill, having received "a bunker: / boil / on the seam. Apparently, he upset him, it turned out the infection of the wife, blood, angren, struck V. ятyatka’s brain, and that’s not the case, his second notary Naty Zdovѣ Mkhkhakhla Aleksѣevichѣ. Karenina, Elizabeth) Alexievich Navoi, who had a heir from the Norwegian husband, one son Alec and Siy Mikhailovich Kovin. As long as there were Avr Yermi Vgolz Petrovichhe was the guardian of this inherited heirloom and, generally, during his lifetime, he was jealous. dreaming of a rich widow, and after the death of dr.Gmi ngel'd Petrovich, Anna Naslidovalya all rights of the notary, transferring the notary's office to the house of their joins, former treasury, in Urdu Tsarevskaya and Yemeni streets, where they transported everything, which is inherited from the father, add. to search for any information or receive a new copy. . perfect notarial acts р Yermingeldom. Petrovich Svѣn. Toryaetsky%, it is necessary to apply to his successor, son or in Vyatka okr. court of justice%, to the senior notary public who is being received - for final approval of all merchandise of the strength and other notarial aken._______1766_______The declaration of the Russo-German War in 1914, the city of St. Petersburg. It was renamed Petrograd and then all cities, restaurants and everything else that bore the name of Germany, East of the city, Gogol Street, began to be renamed in all cities, so that there was a restaurant for it so that the public required ! I changed my name and the Russian name. There were a lot of artists, artists and writers, and all from a few restaurants in the restaurant who were regular visitors to this restaurant, were decorated with paintings equal to the caricatures of different clients, well-known ѣ bad writers, poems of poets ’and writers. We, Vyatskiv breeders, when we lodged on Gogol Street, in the Paris hotel, also went to this restaurant to have lunch or dinner. Once I was at home. honoћ and she noticed that near the middle-section. it is arranged. the dishes, the kitchen from the tables, the restaurant, having eaten the first dishes, plates and other dishes and Rum, but it is being washed by the machine in plain sight.that machine interested Apollinaris: Aleksѣov we asked:. meter. Qhodi nedyya lі, on the look at ѣ how ѣ is carried out bywashing and ”drying dishes, For pleasure, we carried out a dishwasher where you had a large yellow basket, with a small iron frame, a boy quickly set up hundreds of plates in rows and separated each room in the same basket, he folded the knives. Fill in it; press the lever% or the button, on the blocks. the basket with dishes rises and moves into a long tank g with boiling water, from Aiylіom and then round brushes rotate_______1767_______through the dishes, washes. 00 carefully, then the second button is pressed, the drawer with dishes rises and moves next to the second tank with clean running water. Here, with the dishes, all the soap washes away cleanly, the third button is pressed and the drawer with dishes rises to the dryer, after 5-10 minutes, it returns to the second room, confidentially clean, dry dishes andimmediately suitable for the next use. We like it. elk, but such a machine is suitable for large restaurants and dining outs, such as, for example, at least five hundred and five days before. . .. When restaurant customers demanded a change in the name of the restaurant, the owner proposed an original way of choosing a new one by name. He published and sent out circular invitations to more than his own clients of such content: vlaklots% rastora on the project alle, your respected clients are welcomed: on the indicated day, on the restaurant, former V поna, on Gogol Street W23, to select a new location for this restaurant, closed by serving of voices. For which name, more closed valya, juice, then the name will be changed , each person would be offered a refreshment or a glass of champagne or a large glass of vodka with vacuums, about a thousand people would vote, and from 10 a.m. until 10 p.m. they would send notes, and at 10 a.m. 12 a.m. A lot of names were suggested, but enormously, most, t, f, more than five hundred notes were heard from the name of Sokolov’s restaurant_______1768_______This is the name and affirmed for Rostoranovѣ, thus, according to the template owner of the rostora’s owner. For one reason I often had to go to Potorbu%, I like to disconnect don prichalburg ilosopburg ”, I accidentally found out about this Yakov N. Khudolilovѣ and calleduki nat ѣ former rostoran vѣna, but today, rost - early Sokolov, I arrived at 2 o’clock, the ballot ran out, * the audience began to swarm, twice they had eatenand at about 12 o’clock, at different tables, there was usually about 10-15, who, some of the theater afterwards, had a bite to eat, Reszortor was still alive, but gentlemen, had enough coffee, to drink coffee all at common tables, and to drink a cup of coffee from me a glass champagne, and all goo goofing off, and it turned out that all were men and only one yesYes, eat the dome, which was called the doctor-psychologist Ilya Fo. Dorovich 11orgonshtein. Having drunk ѣ from restaurateur Sokolov on vocalschiku, we okuv ІІІл:, community, we started to drink coffee two by one, two of whom turned out to be with the doctor. And, F. Morgonstoy nom and started talking about the science of oprodoloniya pochorkova, He’s right now so prodlodyaz was present, half to give his own handwriting and in turn, each began to submit his own handwriting. He sold off the character of Former, talked a little about the past about the future, asked for it, he gave his adress for the work of an employee for three dovao, and vice versa, he paid $ according to his share and don. When he did it, I carried out the character , N. Khudokhilova and that he had a great deal of experience that would end almost nothing, only having to reschedule a little stupid, It’s me_______1769_______the ozon surprised because, knowing me, N. Khudokhilova for 3-4 years, I told what Norgenshoyn truly said to the eye. I sat at the end of it - I was rowdy with the whole organ on it was peasant crush, just like an opiate Cloth 3 vkh vokhokhaz smaz өnxz boots surakavi and Ҳu dokhlov. reconstructed on all counts: the merchant “sabi ryaka. When the horse came to the horse, the sorcerer addresses the book;” Mr. Adbiryak, yes, I’m talking about you, you’re very interesting, I take out a memo book, I tear out a leaflet, Boru pencil, but his wife. Morgunyatoyna quietly speak many things, but before Warto, he’s supposed to say something at all for you to be nice, I distract, try nothing, food 4 words: Gosu gracious gift, Mr. Adbiryak, I submit a note I’ve blown away, Morgue , began to speak + nt, you but what it seems and started to eat he character further says that you were sick a year, then you praised a lot of financial trouble, which is partially prolonged, but your ear improves and soon your heart will go OK. You had tremendous business stress with the indicated badly bad Norwegian excitement, but almost ending in a big catastrophe, but you, having spared a lot of strength, willed yourself, calmed down, and everything went well, I logically say ko 490, but sweat, for the time being If I’m finished enough, I’m saying, save more, better, better, but I’m talking too much, because tomorrow I’ll be bankrupt, yes, if I’m outsiders, I’ll know that it’s a literhasten bankruptcy, it’s better to later say something, for one. ”His hone says quietly ѣ nѣ: I told you, it’s better not to give a handwriting,at all, viddto that he told you; probably it’s not_______1770_______I oyevtil, not, nightly and yet so far, on the contrary, he was in the past, he said it very correctly, but, in the future, predicting from, be good. We stayed until about two o’clock, no one Mor paid the farewell but paid, I took the card and the adros om and we parted, my daughter was at the time I went to the city or on courses or just passed with me. On the other side of the Trom, I told one that I met a psychologist the other day, who had a handwriting of a character and explained the future and the future, and that’s what he said a lot, but he felt something to say, yes, at all but I wanted to say, I gave my address, somehow I’ll go to one of them. Lola say, oh dad, you’ve got a horse, you’ve taken a horse, go away today, I said that I’ve understood that I’ll go away, we’ll go away, you’re your cholovk, probably, when you’re, but he refuses to say frankly , Vochorol on slѣduyuschі th Dong, I Sh docho rto prihothu kb Dorgonshteynu. Having met us, he expressed that he was very glad that you, under%, appreciated the acquaintance, now, but came and brought your daughter to meet you, here we’ve looked at your handwriting, I’m saying that yesterday you’ve got something but before they all found it inconvenient, so that’s how I came, to find out whatI’m sure you have something else to say soooo, which is awesome at all .top "I turned away, I said frankly, ethnicallyI’m just going to enter the oval. So that you come to an intimate meeting “to know closely and introduce your dormouse to someone else. You don’t have much to say, don’t want to say that again, it’s okay, you’ll have a daughter. We’ll see your handwriting now. We’ll eat We sat with the negé deyachava_______1771_______he looked at the handwriting of the children, I wondered about something, I don’t remember, and I asked him .. I didn’t know how much the fee for each export was paid, Morgontoyn categorically refused to believe that it was wonderful that he had said something about it yesterday and had come for him he’s a terrible shame, while I don’t want anything, but far away I’m seeing. I’m thrilled, free but used to use nothing and put it on the table 25? bed of children’s daily boom, on the side, from the table and on their own injections • tribute and add, it’s up to 11% when it’s also lounging with all your friends: ati in fact don’t have any hours, but waiyarogo, sitting in the evening and let's have a cup of tea, and I will show you my sessions. After a few days, I gave “my monogila” of “red” brillnikov “a cigarette case.” V. Kadiy, my prіzd, I’ve made it up and #, # orgenstein or alone, either with my children or my wife, and sometimes my friends. All he on was sharing character and making a whole prediction and everything: they were very satisfied. Previously, I never believed in divination on kartahp. in chiromancy, but from the very first meeting moəxo 3. I.F. Sorgendtep Nom in Sokolov’s restaurant, the definition of my biography, character and events that happened to me, I’m so strong, with: in cash, what is it, wrong and whathe predicted a future in the near future. , I consulted from the beginning, but everything was done and it turned out, he guessed by handwriting that the coming was very fast, which I had repeatedly checked personally in the north. In addition, he described in absentia, in handwriting: not only character never vidѣinago im man, but also an infamy_______1772_______face, hair, blonde or brucella, and other things that brought us all to a great deal, and proving that it was a whole science and from this big book of this science it was three-part%. Many gave me one such book o5, and I, a little bit apart, started to believe that I couldn’t understand anything, Znakonotvos with Morgenstein sold out to self-revolution and below I will give a few facts about how much I personally expected. ІІөred by war or first | 1 year, I was celebrated three hundred, three houses of Romanov’s Iletrograd, to which it harms, a church was built, v. other-Russian style, memory of three hundred princes. Romanovs, Through nakainov and vyvat ѣ navi%, I received an invitation to the consecration and to the anniversary, since I had to celebrate the anniversary of the anniversary, K. Maksinov was at the celebrations, but I accidentally got that new one: I turned out to be Vyats and didn’t burn at the consecration of the Ron Nova Church, which was very dead, Throughout Russia, Cher03, the governor of the torus of the authorities, it was proposed to clarify the population otherwiseie, this is a jubilee and, wherever possible, to arrange literary evenings and other parties for the people and for those who have taken an energetic participation in these celebrations. according to the device or according to the people of the people, to inform the Petrograd., the Ministry of Internal Affairs. We have, v._______1773_______gray bailiff Alexander Vіdvѣ evichѣ zhasilyev offer to all factory owners. Vakhrushevnaѣ to get acquainted with this, the compass is digging, but no one and no one% has responded to this circular. Finally, he came to Nashdon, the circular circulated to my palace, Alexander py # edorovich and the new son Vincent, who read the circular, "asked the bailiff what should be done for the celebration - Val’s triumph, that papa’s home someday bi arranged, but, if not particularly difficult, will not require large expenditures. Dovѣ, so we’ll eat with a little darling, maybe ... We’ll be a bailiff. Nilj explained that he’s mine, but ө8% of all expenses, arrange patriotheses - some of the sobriety societies, with foggy pictures, but, for the sake of ichi, improve the routine and invite the same lecturer, who, at the timeNya obda will clarify the reigning house of the Romanovs and read something patriotic. Vikentiy akaval, okay, we’ll do something else, but you can help the kam get from $ Vyatka, at our expense, the corresponding foggy picture, lecture and lecturer. And for the workers, we have my command to cook pirogov, an extra ordinary meal, everything was very eco-friendly and it turned out very well: the workers were very interested ”, as well as the carcass - a lot of people and okrugsarish villages gathered. police officer, by distance:%, reported through the governor to the Minister. internal ”because the triumph of the three hundredth kingdom of the house of the New Nova was organized in the Vyatka governorate, Slobodsky uzdz, in the village of Voznesensko-Vakhrushev, the factory owners Aleksandrov% Fedorovich Alexandrovichovich. Soon, through the governor were sent_______1804_______ I undertake to pay money within one month, from the date of giving half the coat to the railway station, I didn’t require anyone to, I therefore have given birth to the colonel Samoilov another second installment of BE 50,000 polushubkov, that is, on my own, without the Sokovnik.The first batch, we 0% A.S. Sokovni now agreed that they should cook from 10 to 15 thousand in their own factory, I have to work about the same amount at the Khilinsky factory, and the rest I took upon myself to buy from small breeders: Ogoblin, Kroptachevs , Churina, Hova, 211ronovyh and other handicrafts. For the reason that A, B, Sokovni pay their own amount for 8 rubles each, all this is profitable or lossѣ, I’m all 19, without $ my participation, and I have worked out at Zhilinsky Zavod, in the village of Uspenskoye, from small artisanal and small breeders, all to grow many things come in, also proportionally to each of the delivered quantity, and the expense for this business falls, i.e. actors and stamp, contract abortions, taxes and more. All this was, to us, lightly framed, with a home memo, ZAKLEUchiv with us checks, floor mat 0, s. Samoilov u hal in the Perm province to prepare sticks, military supplies and other milk, leaving us an address when I am ready to hand over% half of the granddaughter, so that you “telephoned him.” After otf даz yes I started, to shake up small breeders and handicraftsmen, until, for the first month, deliveries at a price ot? up to 7-50 for a short fur coat, but they sold it sparingly, it was believed that I had bought a vyatka from one of them, then, of course, I could buy it from them all the same, but I could afford it, however, I got it through two. were convinced that the colonel left the door and didn’t return to Melkiv: the breeders themselves began to win over to me and _______1805_______sell for 7 rubles. , with uodovіem, money I have to pay an injectionI’m open, open, let’s get the money from 11 cities, and who to do, personally take my bill of exchange for .3, or 3 pennies and consider at your expense “I have almost completely agreed to it and I quickly contracted the whole amount, but the cottage was given in advance by the sheepskin, which I had part of purchased from Sokovnin at the Nizhny Novgorod fair, and, moreover, Husayn Abd. Tyulenev sent 24 nѣ from lіetropavlovsk, takao an open account, silt tөs in words of three months, thousand seventy ovchin ...Verbitsky? , having gone to Vyatka, he hoped to buy short fur coats not worth five rubles apiece, to start three rubles each, but contacting the small breeders, he wondered if he would buy more, from 7 to 7-50, if you give more, then the seller. To you. At that time, Vernok Bitskoi came to Vyatokiv, intermediaries from Soz Tom to buy a Vyatka plant and to make part of the half-tube, then the handicraftsmen would come to him and, giving them advance in sheepskin, he would make the sheepskin money from the cousin, chak hak VakhrushieP5 and Fogda at your place. In general, the resulting good benefit. At the same time I got acquainted with Birkh Bitsky from .. dokhov and finally convinced him that the main thing was to use the semi-pub only when working on it and when distributing the bush ryamѣ advance sheepskin, and for this it was necessary to have a factory, okhov.prepossessed. Vertebitsky to buy from him a plant of the youngerѣ Ilyichev for 75,000 rubles. After a lengthy negotiation and inspection of the plant, the deal finally took place. The exact amount for which the plant was sold. Verbitsky, I do not know. It took another month and ot Verkhvitskago _______1806_______the manager appeared at the factory, the conversion and adaptation of the 8th code of the factory began to take place, but as a factory, they sent only a small part of it, finally brought the sheep, bought, probably, to Siberia. Only a few years began to work, when the supply of semi-forbidden things was almost over for us, then the handicraftsmen who worked for us, just work Verbitsky from working After the second month, we called a telegram - my removal from Colonel O.S. Samoilov , gave him half of the contract, received it on receipt of 10 days from the city of de nichi, they paid all the small breeders. Zhkustareї completely until. The factory owners began to prolong and sickly hunt and 81- to acquire the second half. those of their representative ѣ go to me them immediately I all bitch. Having conversed with myself, I was commanded to drive away from the colonels. 0. 0, Samoidov%, of his son - Shikolay, 20 years old, in qualitythe representative (of the company that represented Colonel Nңendans tva :: invoice, established sample, Methodikisannya Nikolaө Potr. Vakhru tsstsev .. and received 5 after delivery, receipts, which I sent, an “Vyatka, and I sent it to Pyatrograd through the bank. immediately but paid and the money was transferred to Siberia to the introducers and to the account, therefore, a month-long expectation, as it was due, all Siberian breeders received the money after 15-18 days and were very satisfied. In general, my son went to Nikolai kovnikoiѣ Samoilova about mѣsyats, edѣlav -. delivery on four tysyach rubley.Prіѣdalії - k% nam unto the village _______1807_______already ѣ Christmas time ’late in the evening and unexpectedly. Atollinariya Alekaѣevna asksѣ the attendant. You, probably, have bitten it, you can treat ”Vas with dumplings. The colonel fumbled and say, if possible, more than anything, but not dumplings, I’m two months old in Perm province in Western Siberia, every day, everywhere, only dumplings, yes, sometimes it’s like dumplings, like sand , on woo bahѣ crunch, they’re directly tired. Al length Alekseyevna said, our will not crunch, but if you need dumplings, we’ll send that there’s nothing else. and the next day 0.0. Samoilov began to visit us. Sokovniki on the rest of the short fur coats ѣ under the contract, finished work at 20 a week and left St. Petersburg. At that time, Verbitsky Lash began work and I asked Colonel Samoyidov who would not accept the coats of Verzhbitskago, Vѣdѣ өmu in a row. The provision of Intendancy was probably earlier than ours, probably, by the time had expired, so what next, would he really have to pay 10% of the penalty. The colonel waved his hand, this did not touch me, many were entrusted, naliu. howling with your purchase, to prepare things for those days, where and what I will find, and here, thanks to your gracious assistance, I have prepared 2 1/2 mn of thousands. dolushubkov, at a normalized price, and such suppliers. speculator, you need to directly chasing, apt. They are just fooling the Invandantities, the winter is passingѣ, and they don’t deliver a single bca ө not yet - well, let them pay лот 40,000 rubles. forfeit by law, but John. this betrayal might have foreseen, but nothing could be done, such a person, on a legal basis, finds the same banks, I give them guarantees for them, now let them get it out of it, whoever gets the most from this loss, bank or Verwick. In this_______1808_______ they will understand each other, -A month and a half of 8% one and a half to our shopkeeper of shoes started getting blunt on the short fur coats from Verhbitskago, and from the city there was no prescription, to take free harm from the Bryzhvatsk fur coat, but without prejudice to the length of the shoe factory 1/4 F.T. Vakhrusheva.Sya, the quarterly prtemik is compelled to accept a waybill receipt, but free time, for example, half a fur coat, does not have%. Finallyѣ, I picked a sub, took the first waybill, and went. I’ve looked at the factory of Břrzybicko, looked at ѣ fifty half fur coats, pieces 5 or 10 glue, том Iltom, on the invoice I wrote: it returns the whole batch to the supplier, sorted and corrected. I will sort it out well, then I will look again and take it, but if you show it again, I will refuse to accept it and inform Petrograd% that all short fur coats are unsuitable, you can serve it. . . . . . . . . . .At that time, they arrived in Petrograd, Sam Bөržbicki, with the middle man and cs representative of the Russian-French Bank .. It would have been until the oil days of 1915, all three came to me for pancakes, I’m an xxx invitee. They begin to state that Ichtendantsky prіeshchik. from. Your shoe factory is assigned to take us at the same time. short fur coats, but something all the time he puts off, doesn’t acceptѣ, Speaking, doesn’t have “free harm. Once came”, looked athundreds of short fur coatsѣ. and done. the inscription, everything returns to the chokeYou are experienced, now you need to give, give it to me, I gave it away, I don’t know your short fur coats, I haven’t seen it, but I know some_______1809_______old people who gave us nam pillows, and send to you, you need to * follow them very strictly. some handicraftsmen took us 2-3 times - redo back, we’ll need to reconsider ourselves beforeVali and returned yu to the alteration, and you have, my siyVikentiy vidѣdѣ, that everything is accepted in a row and, indeed, most of it is necessary to correct, at least a little, Pain wroteYouѣ on the consignment note returns to the sorting, and not what: "defective - the whole batch /, you must immediately sort, carefully, hire an experienced sorter and. Call the sametare and what now the sorterѣ indicates, they are obligated immediately here. fix it on the spot. My son Vikentіy saysѣ if it had been found, then he would have been sorted out in two weeks or two, ruled and given: Then Verzhbitsky and the bank representative contacted him: “Vikent1 and Petrovich%, voami teo”, please re-sort - find out, at least the first batch feel for what it will cost, weWe’ll do your work for you in Valich. Vikenі I said, “If you don’t fall, I will mind”, I can go into the troop% in my “working, I can’t cut a coat”. Verzhbitsky rejected, we agree,I said, I’m afraid, it’s necessary to help, but extra tioka for one waybill Bөržbicki passed the invoice for 5,000 half-coats, gave Vikentia 2,500 rubles for money to pay and hired workers and gave a note. upon completion of the transfer to the Quartermaster and upon receipt of qui fanz and 5000 short fur coats, he is obligated to give Vikentiy Vakhrushev another 2500 rubles. Vikentіy ordered that the doverrenya Verkhbits kago be called. on Sunday all handicraftsmen whose cushionsѣ. :_______1810_______He presented a donation, and on Sunday, he took up the best workers and 8% of our factory, without a call. Ivangodskogo prі - өshchika show this cutter as any defects on the short fur coats $ aren’t prone and not tolerated, Tirі өztsik went to the factory% Verbits kago ss our cutters, wadi - 13% of the warehouse is ten, half fur. kovѣ, handed out to each cutter one at a time, or two short fur coats were laid out on the tables and the Quartermaster became serdik. and he started aloud, read the descriptions of short fur coats, and he ordered him to follow like a fur coat, in his half fur coat, whether it corresponds to all of the trebov’s descriptions of the standard, are there any impermissible• defects. IN%. Recruitment hours of the cutter. Thoroughly thoroughThey described it and understood what it was necessary to pay strictly to. -, Sunday, all days, they went through a howl party at 5000:. ap.i tutyg zқ, ustard-tailors performed the largest part, and deui:100 silt 200 was taken home, on which 3 more was neededNaya fix. Chөrөvt 2-3 days Vlaseytіy again asked the promoter, sing. . superficially see if the pdirected or non-detachable connector. Intendapskі prі өnshchik, came half an hour after the end of the visit to our factory pledge, looked at it, said that everything was very right, appointed a free day for the week, let me prepare more work time and an order. The assigned factory went to. Verbitskago, howl 5000 - one day took stamps, packs, scammed Intendan’s fillings and sent them to the station .. On the day after receipt of the 05th railway station. duplicates, Нntendantsky prіentsik, through Vikenov,_______1811_______. handed Bärchwitzkön the receipt of Ingendance, Avrbitsky completed the Wendend, according to the condition of the note, for sorting and corrections, the remaining 2500 rubles .... . . . Did Viken take part? $ Th, on conditions denoting that I had to give one noon to the next day, at Verbitskago, I don’t know, since I had cut off B% of Petrograd and was not interested in the whole house. Verbitskago, but I know that the work and commissioning of Verbitskogo factory ... lasted until Hyun or July, apparently, Verkhbitsky lost this rate because for the next year., Vorabitsky was already completely engaged in this whole and complete % year was empty, say whether Verbitsky was looking for a buyer, but I didn’t pay attention to these conversations, but afterwards, I regretted it, since some time later, Verbitsky resold. This is a brewery. treasure shih® Ilyich to a large raw-merchant merchant Schneider for the production of lame silt / sokokalf and chevro /._______1812_______At the end of 1914 and the beginning of 1915, I introduced myself to the representatives of the Russian-French Bonk in Petrograd and found out that this bank was willingly used. at the option of issuing a guarantee, the loan is for the loan that gave the loan to the contractors the guarantee of the bank. Having discussed this with Aleksandron Petrovichө Dolgushi nih, we will go to this balik and find out whether it is possible to use the bank’s money to take a loan from the International Bank Ilm, at leastѣ, to find out how much this operation has been completed and it’s convenient. When we arrived at the Russian-French Bank, ”I asked by the name of my friend’s representative of the bank, turned out to be the assistant director of the bank and led us to him, We explained the reason for our visit and said that, most importantly, we had invested resets, for what interest is issued by the bank guarantee, only 5%It turns out to be high and not profitable for us, then not the farthest. I don’t talk when I’m talking;good operation financing. The assistant director said yaam, then the condition for depreciating, Intent is given out a day: under a% guarantee of the bank for the established treasury%, at 6% per annum, and the nap bank "pays for its guarantee a commission of 3% at a time but nevertheless you will talk to satsi with gashitso the chief director, if you want, now, I will introduce you. When leading us to the director’s office, the assistant left his office. and the two of us left to talk with the director, first of all we asked the director that I asked if I would like to take an advance payment, I will condemn the contract, I will guarantee the bank for so much if it turns out to be beneficial for us, and by tone, the deal In total, you were asked to ask you whether yours would agree. the bankѣ to give a guarantee for us and the second, what percentageѣ the bank name begins with the commission. The director replied that our bank was willing to give a loan for the amount of the loan issued by the Quarterly Commission. We will consider the commission as five percent at a time, regardless of the term, but, of course, not a year ago. You said that we do not have annual contracts, there are no contracts, but from 3 to 9 months in average%, you can consider six months in a hot order if_______1813_______. Wa 5 $ for 6 gaѣyatsev, his bond is 10% per annum, on capitalreceived sums of avanda, and even the Intendanot deduction of treasury% to bgdovyh, then, with all the cheap, profitable advance, it will cost us%. at 16% per annum, it doesn’t come up to us, we’ve got them directly from the State Bank and from private banks there are a lot of money for bills accounting. Dolgunіtnѣ appeals to the director for questions, maybe you, Vasily, have a director, to whom we should still go for the final negotiations, if your statement is final. The director ѣ rejected $, we have ө all .. ө ө ө торы directors, but you shouldn’t go all right, you’re agreeing with me "completely. A.P. Dolshin said, well, thank God, otherwise I thought, Nasu will lead .dө to the third director. The first to appoint us is koi iss16 3%, the second to 5%, and the third #, I think, would appoint, probably 10%, I viho, I didn’t deliver it to you very seriously, 0% guy, like In the bazaar of shops, you have to bargain, but you haven’t yet and you’ve set the exact rate for koniosia, and 25 of them are like a child, so be it. For random speculative contractors, it’s mohta мо, it’s suitable, to pay Van 3 or 5 $, because they take a% in a row for half a year, and extend it for a year, and 14n we work with the treasury and we won’t throw out the excess interest in the bank’s guarantee, because Intendanotno, normally, it foresees every%% accurately, it doesn’t give it in vain., I’m sorry that we have troubled you, but we’re directly telling you that your conditions are not suitable3 and 0% of those who have come up with dry weather have increased, we gone. I have never been seized in the Russian-French bavka more than once and have not applied for accounting bills._______1814_______Soon after our visit to Rusoko, “The French Bank, in many cases, at the Tarih hotel room, on Gogol Street, comes a cashier who works by registering bills with banks, a Jew L.S. Lifzy q. Recommended requested; doesn’t our company want to keep a record of bills in Petrograd, in the banks that they work with, surprised at his offer, asked how he knows our company and whether your banks would like to work, and before agreeing to work gima, you must know how it is banks, whether they are solid and in what size they can lend to our company.If, for example, 10-20 thousand rubles, this is fundamentally not suitable, scatter yo such a small ban, if these are large baths that are immersed in Vyatka, then ke, in principle, I will refuse "to drive through Boo,, because you can’t force both Vyatka and Petrograd to impose your bills of exchange on Livshits, your company is well known and there are many banks that I work for. Three times before If you have similar offers khenіem, we have to provide you with accurate information on the creditworthiness of your company and on your Quartermaster supplies and that you will not be interested in working on IQ-20 thousand, and therefore I suggest that, for the first time, I serve each of my services Bank, for example from 100 to 150 thousand ѣ rubles. He called many. three banks with which our company never had any business. Then Liv niitsѣ saidѣ if you don’t have bills with you, then don’t need them yet, just give "a copy of your deed of approval to Trade and a list of bills that you want to take into account when you thought about Livshitsa, if not a very high percentage, so I'm ready now готовtry, at least with one your bankѣ, the henn has .eleven_______1815_______- TVs - by itself bills, approximately, for 100 or 120 thousand rubles. Drive this hour three copies of our Trade House agreement for three. Yours, banks, you need them to bear a reproach and deem it necessary, but re est. / I.e. a list of bills / bills, I’ll prepare it tonight, you stop tonight or tomorrow morning! $ I will give you this one. On the next day, Livshits took Venez Rees three and said, if you are at home today, it’s possible that I will come for B & M and Bio at one in the afternoon to pay the banknote for money; Because I hope that all bills will be taken into account. You prepare them, i.e. Dismiss in order ѣ terms, as they are written in ре re-estrѣ. I denied that I had breakfast here, at the hotel, at 12 o’clock, and therefore, after 12 and 2 o’clock, you would find me at home, and then 1% I would go home, at about quarter past 50 Livshits appeared, said to accept the bank completely , take bills and then get in a bank. For ba yakѣ I checked the bills resist, calculated F% and, for 2 I / 2 children, everything was ready, they took into account I L5000 rubles from me. century sat down and gave out money. The Livshits commission% paid me off: even a percentage, so for the first time I earned about three hundred rubles. I said that I’ve been through two, I will again be in Petrograd and Fogda. I’ll bring bills for other banks again Thus, through Diashitsa, I began to get into action in Petrograd%, to make accounts at the same time or to another bank during the last three years I used to in Petrograd, through Livshits, taking into account up to half a million rubles every year, which made it easy for our company and become completely Dependent to Lohkhnie from Vyatka private banks ..._______1816_______- Autumn. 1914 on the occasion of the war, commodity merchants, knowing that breeders working for the sale of boots for goods for arwi, a lot of raw materials are needed, they began to bring in vyatka ": holy raw materials. By the end of November a large batch of Abaykalsk raw materials6 or 7 you "brought a Jew, Krasnoyarsk merchant dikhail Fa davich e өrѣ, One long time before the war about di ni or two times I will leave Taal with him raw materials, and therefore, appearing in Vyatka, ont, first of all offer I didn’t think much of the whole party and set an almost suitable price, but I didn’t want to bargain for fifty dollars or a quarter for a long time. none of ours: firms 4 * doѣpie, assuming that he was withdrawn for 25 kopecks. cash: the skin will not be break off a friendly relationshiptupitѣ, I said goodbye toѣ and, F. Meyeram, said; Morning of the fan is wise: £ if you decide to whistle, so in the morning phone me and tomorrow I willagain I will be in Vyatka and finish the matter. Meyer said, like Bar. it’s pleasing, but neither today, nor tomorrow, I will not give in, if you like, take a bath, although now it’s not suitable Вы, then you and I are free to put your own hands on,%, 8 Бge, #y still calm, didn’t buyѣ, leaving to the assumption, he believed that no one would have to inspect the orphan, knowing that during the night, he would not sell to anyone, and tomorrow, I would buy and buy, maybe 25 kopecks, I would bargain. Tіrovodivnya izya Vyazhka in the village of Vakhrushevo, meeyspravil by phone to Trifon Mikhailovich_______1817_______Laptev, whether he is at home and when you can see him, you can offer him any raw materials. And Latөv (tweet, I’m at home, I’m sitting alone, completely free, and if you’re free, go ahead, sit together, talk. We’ll talk ... F. 4eyerѣ immediately went to the factory TM Dali tevu , frankly said that today 1, A, Vakhrushev looked: only raw materials, but for some reason didn’t buy, were misunderstood due to the foursome. T. A. Laptev asked what kind of raw materials and why B was finally consumed. A, F . Get out of karma not hed3 but road duplicates, in which the quantity kog% is indicated. And all, I openly told you - why did I give the ride and why. t, May er eat me begging.Important said, judging by the weight, the assigned price is appropriate if you are. They didn’t concede a quarter, so me :: I suppose to give me a lot, I’m buying now, in spite of 1.F. Meyer turned out that if I conceded, I would have agreed, then, of course, I would have conceded $ II. A. Vakhrushev, as he was earlier at a nickname and a day. This is the rule for henya, 8. kmѣ I will start doing business, eat food and continue, until it is given - not to interrupt from another business. If you buy this lot from me, then in a month or two, I will bring it again and, first of all, offer you an offer and sell it, but if you refuse, then you go and look for a new buyer. Trif, Mih. Taptev. said, “please, for the first time, I’ll send on Vashelka, add a quarter against 11%, {{named Peter, Alek., I finish today without looking, and tomorrow I will see him at the State Bank in Komi Pet and I will explain myself and, if there is angry, then * in divisions. Your steam tіyu in half, On the next! Деньій day, I БЕ. State Bank_______1818_______ca kaѣ ed, Tr. .Laptev, who is pulling me aside and drinking, why didn’t you buy a lot of raw materials from a meyer yesterday for a quarter of the shell.) I didn’t say anything to the factory, in the evening I openly talked, showed duplicates and I was surprised why you, such a good product, were eager to buy. I was afraid to let it go until tomorrow, as if it had not been sold to someone else and bought some isotra yesterday, added an odd amount to it against your price. Valѣstѣ ed tѣm, I warned him, if you want, go .. we split in half so as not to cause troubles, I rejected T. t, w Laptev, indeed, maybe I was stubborn in vain, I wanted a quarter: you have to trade, you’re good and of this value, but, first of all, now a lot of money has been bought, and, secondly, Meyer has 3-4 times, E.5 the flow of zini brought, For the merchandise bring me apasibo, but if you have commissioned a raw material factory, then there’s nothing else, take the whole batch, I’ll be angry and I don’t think that you killed me Vinova straightened, pull the string tightly, so she burst. You use your happiness, because wherever you are, you will equip for me. T.I. Lep tөzѣ said thanks, took a hand, the main thing is that one is angry with another,In March, prichihalt and Astrakhan were a raw-material maker, Agrakhansky merchant was Chekhov, and since Vyatsky was beaten for the first time and 18% of Vyatka residents were acquainted only with a different person, they dialed out the phone number 29 and they dialed out kam nam in the village, called me and speaks, clearly | from ѣ Vyatka is talking ѣ with you Chinov ѣ and 8 ѣ Astrakhan, I am surprised_______1819_______and I ask how did you get into Vyatka, by what reason did you find out, Chizhev was distracted by the fact that he had first gone to get acquainted with the Vyatka breeder - a code of living, since he risked now a large consignment of raw materials, because he had to save a lot of time arkiv, to familiarize yourself with the mood of the market, and if it is, then I’ll refuse to share some of the goods and, most of all, I appeal to you, when, and whenever I want to get back to you, and if I disagree, go ahead and get us to the factory in the village, my eldest son. E. Vyatkѣ You are with nicknames and gifts. So far, the European guests have stopped for sure ~ nice, as we call her, Noher Mironov. If you are free and agree to come to us, then don’t leave the state and go to my son, and I will feel good son, after half an hour I’ll go to Van and you will come. Chizhov confirmed that heѣ in the European guest room -nice, with great pleasure I’m ready to take the village to see: your famous factory and I’ll be expecting your son’s home. Vyatka got into his picture, he told his son Vikenti 0, as soon as you finish in the banks, then go immediately to the rooms, Mironov, tan vstrѣ. Quiet Astrakhan merchant Chikhov, he ѣ got to sell raw materials until he saw a breeder and a breeder ’, take him to his place, to our village, he willingly agreed to come and see your factory. Vincent and I had finished everything, I went to a new age of Nai Ronov, met Chinovn, took him to my apartment, had breakfast and went to our village, Chizhev spent our time at our house, went to the factory, and all the property went, I went to drive . Regarding raw materials he brought_______1820_______) ”it was an extract from my books, it turned out to be a purchase of 22,000 kokhs and the firmness of them was raised, and the total was displayed. bugging. Chizhev, offer us to buy a lot of cash, at a price that’s worth, give him benefits for a ruble on the skin, conditions, half cash, half credit for ba 9 months, from the day they talked for a long time, Chizhev agreed to take a third in cash, and 2/3 of the bills, but I didn’t take the price of less than a ruble! et, and at first I offered fifty kopecks, and then 75 kopecks, on the shelf. Chizhev categorically refuses to say that less than a ruble is not in the Darkness. Steel is asked to poison him in Vyatka. I said, call, defer to Vicentiem, he again today in Vyatka and will do it. . You didn’t tell Bikenti, try to restrain Chikhev on the road, so that he gives up a quarter, and when you go to Vyatka, then his bid is only 0% for the apartment, and not European guests, and now you were able to communicate by phone eat Chizhova even. Two hours later, I’m telephoning my Vyatka apartment, asked if I asked Vyatka Vincent, didn’t I need to talk to him, and when I entered the apartment, I immediately told him that my father went to Vyatka’s right to leave the room. to say, Chiktөv doesn’t give in, but apparently don’t give him anything, don’t give in, you have to finish sending him to his desire, otherwise you will miss 1% again, just like Mөyer and again we’ll be sorry, finish and call eron to the phone, I’ll finish, and then Now we’ll go straight to Vyatka, we will pack the condition and give a deposit_______1821_______give me a ruble, sell it, otherwise I will not offer anyone else any more, let it remain at the Siniyakhgorod fair at my own risk, and let me sit there, I’ll sit and sell for two rubles, I want to take a chance for trading, if now don’t buy them, let it remain with me, I said, well, something to do, this one. If you don’t concede, let us be glad for you, but it’s good for your skin! , I. now head: e zam vyatka, surplus. zap_rodanuyu note and give. Vas zadak., Two hours later, aaar Ex, Vyatka, Axel briefly requested in two copies. and, BT deposit, I Vndal Chizhega of bills of 25,000 rubles., issued and secured with signatures of conditions. One copy! I took myself, and secondly | a swarm, that is, a copy was taken by Chih: “Kros К of that Chizhev said that he had collected sheepskins for half fur coats up to € 0,000 .. If you want, buy an hour now when you take koi, then buy a sheepskin from me . With us, I’ll directly leave for Eami vi - “to whom I will not sell, I said, let’s leave all the sheepskin,for you will again ask for a large profit, and I have not yet received a sign of lv, for the next year and year. We will not need a sheepskin for the army half-year ikov, but we will not need sheepskin, and if we are going to prepare jackets, we’ll buy all your and Stolyarov’s party. It’s bespectless, let’s go to Astrakhan for the acquaintance of Vikeniy Petrovich, then you’ll get to the Lychna sheepskin’s account here. to the younger brother of Andrei st. Sokovnin, ay noѣhal _______1822_______Petrograd, according to the delivery schedule, and aka for personal things. In addition, I tried to find out in the Commandant's Office whether this year the preparation of soldier's short fur coats. And they said that it was decided to transfer the semi-fur coat to the Military Union of Soviets to the Zemsky Union, so that% would be harvested through the provincial zemstvos, for exampledevelop a handicraft industry. To do this, the military home: opens in advance. to credit the Zemstvo Union with eight people, because the Zemstvos will give advances to suppliers in cash or Ozchivaya, it will be the responsibility of all the provincial governments, and therefore it was recommended that they contact the Zemsky Chairman. From the south, the prince of Lvov, who, katati, was on that moyta, B. le trogradѣ. I remembered $ that I had been elected from the Vyatka Gubernia Zemstvo, ex: ex-Soviet Union was elected, on three days, the Yaransk voice to Nikolai Pavlovich Starodumovt / he is now a member of the State Duma, from the Vyatka governorate / and; takivѣ wayѣ, N.I. The old sea is good. I met Prince Lvov. And I sent an urgent letter to the State Duma asking him ... Starodumov to come to me, today is KE. DAY, or tomorrow, breakfast. I.P. Starodumovna slowly arrived, I told him the whole matter and asked to meet with Prince Lvov, then I had to give him permission to eat half-cooked and check this information in the Int. which apartmentAt the hotel Spayatsіya, Talking with the prince. Lvov, 8.1, Starod kov telefoz rivaled the act immediately and hvvat guests and to tsu France, Having landed on a visit to N. TІ. Startukov knew the prince Lvov, who said, very opportunely you revealed:_______1824_______and, the same day, you entered Moscow. In the morning appeared in Zemsoyuz in. Moscow, handed the letter to the secretary and in said, today write - urgently to the chairman of the Vyatka provincial pelsky council on delivering Vazl deliveries of 100,000 half fur coats for 8 rubles. , and issuing an advance payment of $ 500,000 rubles. , and if you yourself go to Vyatka today, then if it’s not difficult, BE II hour. We. you and polil that order packets for further procurement half-coat. obutsal, at II o'clock, came, took. the package and on the same day, you went to Vyatka. For ihav in Byatka I sent to the provinces: Zasku council, I handed over the packet to the chairman of the Provincial council Pavd at Pankov’s van. I said, we started work 2:00, and started dіarmіn wagon forkshubkov. It is written) 8Kioskva that I will deliver 100,000, check in at any time, get an advance, and start work, I said, today I would like to receive you, and to unify the obligation accepted and delivery .ll. Ilankov vn3 Val was an accountant, asked him to send a badge for 500,000 rubles. and to the secretary. proposed to schedule a receipt on receipt of advance payment for the manufacture and supply of one hundred thousand half-tanned coat. The quartermaster is described as being, at a price of 8 rubles, for a short fur coat, delivered in parts for 8 months, i.e. the last day is not December December of this year. Two checks on the Volga - Amsk bank 300,000 rubles Siberian bank 200,000 rubles “By signing a receipt” obligation, I exchanged money in my bank account, transferred the amount to my current account and the same part transferred 100,000 rubles to Victoria in Astrakhan for Chikseva wa with the skin removed. At the same time, telegraphic. Vikentіyu buy from Chizhava and Stolyarov the whole sheepskin existing by Ena in credit for_______1825_______cash, as needed. How about refueling products1 to large spring water? Arrange to deliver everything to Vyatka. Vincent buy all the sheepskin at Ast Raha, about one hundred and fifty thousand sheepskins and, together with a cow, send it to the steamer in tow Vyatka Before you go to Astrakhan, Vincent bought the first and last service three times a day. palus caviar and in tuk. pood ѣ and a half ~ p ӯ of pounds. • smoked sturgeon-balyka. , all this, I’d take my luggage with me to the ship. ”With the assistance of Chilev, the steam pledged to bring caviar to the glacier“ Sometimes they brought caviar and ... the bathhouse home, I was not at home, I was again in the city, and for that I left for the Nizhny Novgorod yaraka, Atollinariya Alekseevna oskatilas at home and ordered to smear all baliks Provenskim%. put ice in the cellar to the point. I tried it a bit — either in the cans or in the cans and from above they poured oil, covered the parchments, and put the covers on the back, before leaving, I left a note if I had a good meal . vidѣ, then tear banks of five items each, and as such, take away five pounds, take it yourself and give the guests all the managers. the banks of V. Vyatkѣ and those whom you consider necessary from all ali nistrats in Ejatk and Slobodsky. Vikentiy did everything exactly with him, so half or not less than a third was spent on gifts ... when Aholli on - riya Alekseyzna started to eat at the liE city fair, she brought with her a big can of caviar, fu ten and balls: half of the sturgeon, M. Hѣ on the roc Rinz mark and I there, өce treated my friends.one_______1826_______ ”When I signed a provincial land agreement for 100,000 short fur coats in Vyatka and received an advance, no one in Vyatka knew yet that Zenstia would be preparing a short fur coat, 0% with an advance payment. I immediately went out of the bank to A.D. Dolgush and told him, I contracted one agency, but to the Insandanism, 100,000 pods of fur coats ... 8 rubles each. If you want, Coke. To give in to Vakh half, put a% rock contract at 7.50. Long agreed, we exchanged love for the scribble, in advance, of course, didn’t miss, and when I delivered the goods, I undertook to pay him personally 7.50 K. for a short fur coat. 15 days from the date of delivery and delivery of the majority of the quatants for the rest of the sledge, 50,000 short fur coats. Shu bkov and part of us were handicraftsmen, who I gave an advance to my father, while the Provincial Zemstvo hadn’t received sheepskin o53 of the Ooz land of slaughter. When Zemstvo got a sheepskin, then they started taking advances from Zestia and handed them in short fur coats 8. rubles each, then many were no longer interested to buy ot artisanal I of Sanya.sent artisans to the Provincial Zemstvo and gave them a river. Tutorial Ilya Aleksѣevpch% Vakhrushevѣ, creator of my dѣ. dear Fedor Timofevich Vakhrushev, he worked for us at a factory% zah roydikon kolѣ, got up sons, but he was a young man working at a sheepskin don zavod and was able to pull out sheepskins and sew a sheepskin coat. He asked me, they say that the Zemstvo distributes a sheepskin for pa Rothovlefіya half-fur coats and a good pilot price for a semi-fur coat, so you can’t try to take at least 100-200 half-coats,_______1827_______. Ovchi nb and work, something to press. I would send this at home, let it be work, and in the evenings I will cut or teach sons, and in the afternoon I will cut at your factory, I will give him back, indeed, it is very profitable for handicraftsmen, if you want, ILet’s know, you know, though you’ll give me half a fur coat for 1000, but I think it will be difficult for you to cut with us and sheepskin at home. You just buoy for a week or two, if you see a good materialny ingөrөsө, then, for - do not chase with two hares, focus your whole family on sheepskin.Yes, let’s take another strangers, then during the fall you will just like a thousand or two short fur coats. I will earn more than we have at the factory as a cutter, and I will give you and my sons for the whole autumn, a three-month vacation, and upon completion of delivery, half a pub, mota cutters, will again be yours. Ilya AlekseevichVakhrushev was glad, but still was not sure that the Zemstvo would give him sheepskins without any deposit, he said, ok, give a letter to Zemstvo, I will try for 100 or 200 ovchin, and give him a recommendation letter and add it, you can defer it in advance Sheepskin as much as he declares, I take full responsibility for him. After transmitting a letter to Zemstvo, he was asked how many sheepskins to you, he. declares ѣ 100 or 200, but he was told ll. Aleksandrovich writes.,. less than a thousand do not let go. Ilya Alek, he says, but how did I tell him, while 200, I don’t have any luck today, if so, then I will come tomorrow. I’ve started the distribution of the sheepskin, joked, take 200 today, and tomorrow you can miss and take it at least 2 or 3 thousand, more than that you’d better give it a better price, we need such a recommendation. If, apart from the sheepskin, you need we also have money for materials and for workers, also give me, only_______1828_______Ata hands work faster and more, Ilya Al. Vakhrushev brought in a sheepskin, come to him, says that he insists on taking a lot of sheep and work more, money, suggest how you would advise whether to put a sheepskin hut and not to strengthen the work. I say, өs - if you can put a whipping in 2-3. -Day, then there will be a calculation, this is d # to give, but if you go to build a house with your hands for 2-3 months, then you will lose your work sheepskinly, you’ll lose your hands and a half in kov, and when he sends a hut, then the supply to Zemstvo will end, Ilya Al said that I have ghat cuts for me, and if I buy oh5, then after 2 weeks the sheepskin will be ready, if Zemstvo will give me money really, 200 rubles -300, I would gladly put the sheepskin in, I said, 500 rubles "will give", I vouch for it, at the extreme I am given voih 500 rubles. I don’t remember whether they put or didn’t take the sheepskin Ilya Al. , but for three months he worked at his short fur coat and worked from 3 to 5 rubles a month. and I was so deeply grateful that you will not be forgotten by the whole family, you will pray to God for Netra Al and for his whole family. .Personally, I finished supplying the sheepskin coat at the end of 1915, and the next year I was completely not interested in the pubic ranks and didn’t procure a sheepskin in 1916, but I began to transfer for water to the chronical production, under the guidance of the master Bѣlulesko and his son Nicholas and there also began to arrange a plantar plant, So far B; kentіy # z dil in Astrakhan, at the same time, in June, the content of the Tyumen Fair came up and it was necessary. keep track of production. Zavadskago. for a month to go to ІPetrograd LS for Intendan deliveries, but_______1829_______and I wanted to buy sheepskins on the Tyumen Yariark for the upcoming half-fur deliveries through Property and I offered to go on my behalf to Mr. Nikolai Vasilyevich Vakhrushev. She willingly agreed, but asked to take with her her son Sasha, who studied at a high school, at a commercial school and went home for the summer holidays, I allowed them to go together, i.e. To Nikolai you, as a son, but since Nikolai Vasilyevich never bought ovchins on your own and could not correctly evaluate the lot, I asked Nikolai Ivanovich Mironov to leave Tyumen to Nikolai Vasilyevich and, when trading with sellers, Nikolai Vasilyevich bought Thomeni in 1915. for me, with the assistance of N.I. Mironova, up to 50,000 sheepskinsѣ. But having finished the purchase for me, Nikolai Vasilievich buy a lot of R thousand. Sheep and for himself, in the name of his son. Potot% said they watched this party: aaran, as the best in quality and left it until the end of the fair, but I bought it myself, But I waved my hand, there was nothing to be done, I won’t It was fashionable to offend you, for he was not shining. with my honesty, he said, I’m not thirsty yet, not a thief. Iіrіѣkhavkh Nikolay Vasilievichѣ returned home the sheepskin bought for me in vidѣlkui. by drinking short fur coats to the same handicraftman who worked for me, Va - to Silv Petrovich Lagunov. During the work of short fur coats, Nikolay Vas. in secret, he met with V.V. Lagunovѣ, who gave me a sheepskin coat: sheepskin to Nikolai Vas.Vakhrushev, and the last one sold these fur coats to Vyatsky at the Governor Zevstvo. the strength of his attachment to Nikolai you. compiled protocol and reBUT.one_______1830_______ .. giving a dacha to the court. The bailiff called to himself Nikolai Vasilievich and witnesses, then he took them away. Nicholas you, in a separate room and said goodbye, I say, while you, as a private man, and yours was kind. Tel. Van Tuk, now go to Peter Alexandrovich to ask for forgiveness, sincerely confess all heartily, I hope he asks you to ask and everything will be liquidated, without publicity and without scandal io if you do not want, we will now, without official record, interrogate Vasya and witnesses, then I will already be in the line of duty, having started, I cannot stop him. . Noting that it is now wartime, it will be fully proved that you were selling chubby fur coats prepared for the arena, then for you it would end very sadly. I give Van half an hour to think it over, decide to start compiling the protocol yourself, or go out for the excuse - Kietru Al, Nikolay Vas. He began to lie and shield his innocence. Bailiff said, all this is not disclosed to me during the compilation of the protocol, I will enter everything into the protocol iz you put it in, but if you prove to the oath that the oath is incomplete, then it will double your punishment for false evidence, until it’s too late, I’ll disconnect confess wholeheartedly that Peter Alexander is one and, at his request, the matter may be stopped and no one will know anything, t_yak, you said good, I’m going to il ru ru, asking for forgiveness, “when the bailiff went out the last, said the rest, not all witnesses appeared, the matter is postponed and when you need you again, I’ll call the newcomers, all undressed. Нії. Kolai Vasilyevich came to me, got on his knees, cried, praised my hands, he pleaded forgive, confesses his_______1831_______Failures: Osty, I promise to pay the lot of the incurred loss and implicitly impose any punishment on him, but just take my statement back and not draw up the protocol, peacefully end it all. I said, first of all, let me sit down and sit on a chair and kiss my hands 4. I do not allow, it humiliates you and me. Your honest heartedness is enough for me. And the link. You received {money for short fur coats, you will hand over today in our circuit | Sira, but I will not punish you for anything, but I offer liquids - | to blow you another one of yours about the same fraud, namely, last year at the Nizhny Novgorod Fair, you took into account the promissory note of the Bin in the State Bank, took money in your pocket and fled from the fair, and since I pinned the bill, it’s moral for me. injured and beautiful nѣl for you. Now, I see that you have money from both brothers, Peter you. and Nikolai You, there are thousands of 10 to 20, I suggest that you immediately redeem this bill and show it, then I will tell the bailiff that I am stopping the matter, I ask you not to make it up. Nikolay you. agreed, now he went for $ 3. ve * Etyatka, V. State Bank, bought the bill and returned while depositing it. He pays it to ours: the cashier for the short fur coat I filed a statement to the bailiff to stop the business, not to make the proto stake, and it was all over. Nikolai Vasilievich said, he was vid di tѣ that for further service at our company he was not good enough. calculate it, Immediately !! but he was given to be calculated.Three days later, Nikolai’s wife, Vasil Anna Ivanovna Vakhrusheva / nee spoon on Uney’s place, arrived from Moscow, came to many questions .; what right did you have to force your husband to bake - to drink M.A. Shubin's bill from my bank with my money._______1832_______ I averted, you turn to me in many ways, such as Vavtsu subordinate or guilty before you, and as if I do not. If you don’t have your fault and I don’t have any guilt before you, I could not stop Bataѣ and point to the door, but I suggest you calm down, pull yourself together. Sit down on a chair, talk calmly, I’m ready to tell you every question if it is expressed in a polite form, “Anna Ivanovna changed the game more calmly,” my spirit turned out to be unreasonable to you, you demanded not only to cover the losses caused to Vanya now, but if you bought it and bought 3% of the State Bank bill recorded last year on markѣ his bratol Peter. Vasilievich. Even if it were necessary to redeem this century, they should redeem a dance. A. Shu bin or netrya Vasilyevich, and you off-road put uli - positively like Nikolai Vasilyevich or redeem or sadis at F30, he was frightened and redeemed with all your money. Now I came to you to demand, return my money, pay me back collect a bill of exchange and a noset for him to remove Mr. A. Shubin or Mr. Ilen pa Vasilyevich,I calmly listened to my speech to the end and said, “By” they started talking to me calmly, but at the end, they again raised the tone 1 declare that you have come to demand from me and I would like your foot. If you have the right to demand from me, so demand through the court, but I do not recognize your demand and we don’t have more than once. talk, but I’m all ready to calmly explain to you that I did not force. Nikolai Vasilyevich, if you do not know the details. how it all happened, so if you please, I’m calmly explaining everything to you, like Lask Vasilyevich was an employee of my company and allowed my sons to get carried away, did an illegal act that is punishable by law1%_______1833________ it came to a halt, Nikolai Vasilievich came to the day on his own, made an apology, apologized, but the penalty was imposed, imposed a certain conviction, he promised that he was ready to accept any punishment, what was the tax on me, only that To make a scandal, not to sell publicity, to provide food to the dubious youth, to take everything back at the police station and to take everything. Seeing his sincere consciousness and apology, I ruined the spruce and pros. But the punishment was imposed, I offered him to buy a cake from the village, which, at some time, was taken into account at the fair, Petrov * asilievichies, but not personally to him, and the bill was written to the brothers and I chop and write Vasid. Vakhrushavyk, it means that the money came in close to the brothers and it was their responsibility to reckon with each other, who should redeem 13 of them, since they are between themselves and are now not divided, but: I repeat that I did not put an ultimatum to Nikolai bovaniya. And since he asked me to show my courtesy not to disgrace him, as a family man, to publicize, to give a note to the bailiff about the cancellation of everything, I told you that I was ready to show courtesy, but you also cursed a little courtesy, drink one., or open your brothers Petrons to you. I have a bill of exchange from a bank, for which I suffer morally, and since you’re MA, I didn’t tell Shubu that it was well known 3110, that’s an obvious fraud, that’s I went to the court of justice, but I propose Van one way out, both unlawful actions should be stopped immediately, if you withdraw two days, send what I give my word to take from the bailiff of our company’s declarations about the last day of your illegal illegal stance and that’s all without any reason. 11 Nikolai you: agreed, immediately bought the eyelid, and I, on my part, took the floor, gave him a statement to the bailiff with_______1834_______ termination of this matter, not to draw up a protocol, but it seems that both sides should be satisfied now. Ana Yves, tell me everything, if I were at home, I didn’t let Dengan personally buy the bill. Apollinariya Alekseevna, sitting there without eating at the table, asks Anna Ivanovna, what kind of personal money do you have, B% dowry you cs, as you know, didn’t bring, and yes? “It’s always been known that there was $ not a capitalist, don’t give away a few thousand% to Kathda’s daughter, Anna Ivanovna broke out and deazko repulsed Apollinariy Aleksyevna, and • What kind of money did you give me and“ how’s I got money, and I’m waiting for Moscow maybe someone else ѣ 20 - gave Ап, Apollinariya Alekseyev did not give a shrug and says мног many ofWe lived in the Republic of Armenia, but for the first time, I hear that among the Vakhrushevsky ladies there are those who are given as many as thousands. I broke off and got into a conversation and, speaking to Ann Ivanovi, I say that you’re right that “we don’t have any money to get your money from anywhere, but also don’t give me any reason to hear from you that Nikolai Vasilyevich ordered , I bought the eyelid as if with your money, about% өvoin you only now for the first time heard the person EO ъ vad%; and Nikolai Vasilievich. He didn’t tell us anything about this, apparently, he knew that your money and, apparently, considered himself right to dispose of everything. In all cases, we won’t deal with virgin flour, you should understand it yourself and if want, demand eat. him Bashi money. Anna Ivanovna waited and went home without saying goodbye to us, considering herself offended.It has passed inevitably, Nikolai Vasilievich during obdudennago_______1835_______. break, arrived at the Ivanovichi plant, there in the upper floor - water, workers prepared short fur coats for delivery prixpјikam governorate - Zastva skagon, i.e. when they brought this room of a fur coat from a disinfected room and branded it with an installed label "de. disinfected,” “Always keep it at our local field store, which undertook to monitor the disinfection and letting out 3 half-cameras, If you don’t want to stitch everything for yourself, take the stigma and take it home for this time, but this time the nurse sent me to leave to donate, to leave the stumbling to the workers, so that while he’s leaving, the workers must first swap out all the half that were removed from nefektsіonnoy camera. At that time, I brought some home coats from our company and 3 of my workshop, which were not yet disinfected, and only tomorrow had to go into disinfection. A handicraftman, having carried his cart, carried that half-fur coat into it, but aloil ihl into another coal. Two workers began to take out the help of him. military) + 11lv New Soviets are not dying to speak Russian. }} Mѣ it was explained to wear short fur coats and put them in the same place the craftsman put, But, apparently, they poorly understood this explanation and for a few ten. half of the tubes were thrown into the pile where they had previously been disinfected, and there, at the heap of disinfected short fur coats, there was still a military prisoner and a long fur coat given to him by the doctor, this was a medical assistant, D% vich, seized the stigma from the nemts and bogom obgddal to the stav inmate, said, he said that he required to draw up a protocol, that the factory of the Ivanovich short fur coat stigmatized the stigma of desi nektsii, but they completely_______1836_______. -. not formerly ѣ chambers ’, the brought ones are cunning. Two men and women take out the cart, and a third! brand, paramedic tale 5 no, to convict the company of abuse, I took the stigma from the guy, if you bear it and demand to draw up a protocol, I said, I must Rip out the persons accused of you and have to show their presence and record. - Tav calls me on the phone and sends the guards to call paramedic Vasily Martynovich Artynov, and I immediately come to the bailiff, I see so sit Nikolay Vasilyevich and the bailiff begins to record Aikolay Vasilyevich’s statement, there’s been a talk while you write down his statement, and I began to find out what it’s like, what kind of short fur coats are gluing prisoners of war to prisoners, why they turned out to be glueyako, 8% missing paramedics, cotton and ear to Ivanovichi factory. Going out to the courtyard of the bailiff’s apartment, a medical assistant falls on meeting in. Martynov and I ask how I will half-glue the glue - peppermint disinsection, stigma! In vasieothere, where the people took this glue: oh, Feldsher V.N. Vartinov explained that in front of the warehouse. he put the camera on hold, letting the sheepskin coat go to the factory ”Ivanovich, gave the worker, who constantly kept the sheepskin coat on the camera, so that while I go and work, all the sheepskin coat brought from the camera should be changed, but when .. I went away to explain, there were no half-fur coats brought by handicraftsmen.Ono Ipeoeneba Martynov, go to the bailiff, and I’ll find out at the Ivanovich plant. What happened and now I’ll come to the bailiff, when I go to the plant, I will start to hand over the polotsk to Fyodor Liavlovich Grebenev and he will tell that before the very sat% house lirvezdi semi-half ki ig cameras, demolished themѣ to the top of ҳavola, the paramedic ordered_______1837_______to the local clayman it was sticky and ordered him to brand all brought, but harming, artisan during the meal. Vostrikov, 3% more than short fur coats. I showed him the place and the oblique fur coats and fold in another corner. Vostrikov asked whether there were any free workers. we help to contribute and communicated a gift — we work for tea, I take it away, I go to give it and all Russian workers are honored, but the Germans gave it away earlier, so bring these two prisoners of war. 5 workers, they will help. wear, just follow them so that they add up the coal I showed you and unzel to dine. Without me, it was as if Nikolai Vasilyevich was lying, grabbed the stigma and killed the bailiff. Whether the Vostrikovskys' semi-shubkov got into any way were disinfected or not, I didn’t know if I got hit, but not intentionally. Nikolay Vasil. factoryѣ or return me nafily, so that, prӣ nѣ write proto kol, and then go all the way to the factory ..The priest said that I did not have the right to return by force, of course, he had to learn from my employees how they had allowed the illegal to his factory, without the owner’s house. But if you insist, then let's go and we will see what he finds outѣ. The bailiff $, paramedic and Nikolai Vasilievich came to the factory. Greb and I told them the above, asked to calculate the half-fur coats brought by Vostrikov, I asked for 8% of the preliminary amount of extra 63%, I told you to give two hundred pieces 170, 8 start thirty pieces, totalone_______1838_______v disinfected. Let's go to Ilristavu made a protocol. Urgently nr. A worm of the police officer of the protocol was reslan to the Governor RudNeva and just arrived in Vyatka, it was at the time of Gubernsk - at the first meeting of the governor. The governor administratively imposed a resolutionTsik: to fine D. A., Vakhrushev by three thousand rubles, and medical assistant Martynov by a thousand rubles. Three days later, this news came toa village was set up on me and a list was announced. I immediately brought in! I’ll bail 4000 rubles, but, on the next day of the ot, the Governor’s get -! the second boat is the second gapga, performed yesterday Yesterday's tragedy renovated, but# t slave Inok was already a snezent "and the money was handed over to the bailiff in the Sloboda Treasury, it was impossible to fix it. Then" they reportedthat the governor was unreasonably explained, except for the tax! 1. A., Vakhrushevѣ. and the vowel of the provincial Zemstvo, carry the illegal illegalbut to give thirty disinfectants that were not disinfected, but this is a simple and misunderstanding caused by the call of a hack, of a very bad conduct of Vikola * es: asilievich. But the governor had .. Slobodskoy policeNikolai Semenovich, Zubarev, who knew the deerhood of Nikolai Vasilievich with short fur coats at Lagunov. The police officer ѣ ns.sub Tooth revі told the governor That and emphasized that Nikolay Vasil. Shantakh was called iletra Alexandrovich. , but the fact that Peter. Al, convicted him. - E. fraud, but I forgave Nikola Vasilyevich, as if he wants to be unkind to a Soviet person. Elk Elm Vit Vitro. Alexan Of course, Ilétr. Alak. would have made an unquestioning traffic, but he would have been welcome 8. 2-3 times more would have been paid but not like a fine, a kind of sacrifice - it’s for the needs of voyan il, a friend who was donated to a hundred and fifty guber_______1839_______Nathor was told by the vowel of the State Mind Nikolai Pav lovich Starodumov. Then the Governor Rudnev immediately sent a second paper to Slobodskaya to stop the fine, but it was okay for me, because I hurried to put up without protest, considering myself insulted suck and ask for a review and review. I said to myself, if ever Rudnev turned to many for something or with a request, then I will remember that.". Yes, N.V. Vakhrushev." I bought and 33 the State Bank for Promissory Note, Thu Vyatskii Governor. The State Eag. com V.V. Worel, immediately specialized in the office of the State Bank in Nizhny Novgorod, which is 11 vigorous soda Twr Peter Pyotr Vakhrushev, protest bill!?. A. Dubin ransom bearer bearer, T.V., Nikolay and Petrokh Vasilovich Vakhrushe.The third death of Alexei Pavlovich remained with him !! ti 1, ena and dv доче - daughters who continued to sell Vakhrushevo, Don Tavan Dorovich, 0% and not one family full of heirs to the capital. Aleksey Pavlovich, naturally, were the children and neny of Aleksey Pavlovich, since the money that had been given by Vera Mikhaylo was money and the money that Alex Aleksandrovsky was cherished, everyone was placed in the firm to the Trade House of F.T. Vakhrushev. Sons ", for interest, the development of which was the first time at 8% per annum, but when Iva was issued for. -_______1840_______..on Fedorovich, the company took 40,000 rubles. Ivan Al. Saltykov will have 10% per annum, then Alekay Pavlovich. also asked him to payat 10% per annum, which I ел avel ед ed supported, by the way it is fair справ. If we pay a stranger about 10%, then the pointto her family human beings receive less. I am correct when I call him ... my arguments, and agreed 4 or 5 days later and Alexei llavDid they pay the hunter 10%? .After the death of Alexei P. yliavl Fedorovich, the appetite flashed and he also wanted to increase the percentage of You, but to say a lot - but hesitated. He will make his newcomer / or otherwise called dream hu vir Kikhailovna write a letter in the name of the file of Fedorovich and lietra Aleksandrovich to know that, on the occasion of wartime, now it is possible to place money in another company on more favorable conditions, and therefore it to ask her to return her entire amount immediately or if you wish, you can leave us, but 8a 12% per annum .. llave Fedorovich, as if I read this letter and wrote on my side: I do not object to the readiness and obstacles to an increase of two percent and sent many letter i read and inscribed: disagree.and for similar antics with. Your side, Uncle Favel Fedorovich, I gave in with. You do not want to stay in the trading house. When it’s tedious for a hostel to try hard, you do nothingfor the general development of business, but on the contrary, you try to produce at the firm, pressure on your personal interests 11 I propose to you at the polls, after five days give me many answers: take it. : You are a trading companyhomeѣ and in the course of six months give the due to my father. Alexander Fedorovich and many others, or leave the company, submitting%_______1841_______we correspond to a proper declaration of your leaving, then after 6 months we will pay you a readable amount, as well as by the company, but if the terms of the bills are expired, all the money will be paid in time, whether it’s high, after three days I receive a letter from you. : I suggest that you don’t accept a trading company for me, as it’s alone, it doesn’t work, you cannot handle such a big deal, I’m already old, so I prefer to leave the company because I see that I already have too much for you, you already have my dreams have grown. I ask you to consider: having asked for me to leave the company and, after six months, to give the other full section, as well as to pay bills to the heirs of Alexei Pavlovi - I have confirmed that we will consider his declaration of exit and received by him and accepted mѣs, we will be issued and all bills will be From this number all the activities in the company will be carried out without his participation and without his responsibility, and then, at the factory and in the office, he will not be ordered. Five days later, the king stopped. Ivan Alexandrovich. Saltykov, as if, on the way, Going to Vyatka, shows a lot of Paul Fed. who writes. Saltykov, that I whirlwind the company, I transfer the company to my brother Alexander Peter Alec. , but I know that the company owes you 40,000 rubles. , then I recommend that you demand your welfare, because now the company has the opportunity to pay them, and after I left the company, I for this debt, I didn’t distract neither materially nor corally, Iv. Al Saltykov asks me that this is caused and I frankly explained to him that you all saw how, at a critical time, I saved the life and saved him from bankruptcy, thanks to my connections._______1842_______and the support of my friends, including Vasya, between him and his son, they only slowed down the business and addressed their interests. Now I work with my sons for 18 hours a day, never without it? we’re calm, we don’t require anything for our work, but he would still have to put pressure on the company and give two percent increase, of course, at a different time and because of the need, I would have to agree, but now, I was indignant, I could not resist $ , categorically predicted enough, I don’t want to work anymore, leave me, take the company to: yourself, we will leave or you will leave, we will establish the company for ourselves. Now I see that we will manage without his personal labor and without his capital; now I have him in Petrograd with loans of up to a million. You yourself, probably understanding. You say that he wrote to you "only to put pressure on me and that you simultaneously demand your own amount. Tell me, a smart man, dear common thing, could allow such tact to be tactful, and, A. Saltykov thinks take it away, I now go to Pavel red and scold him for this letter and add if you were hanging on the hair before the bankruptcy, I didn’t doubt it, thanks to the requests of Peter Phlox, he gave 40,000 rubles and didn’t He was in a hurry. Basrat vozvratova, knowing that Ilotr Adek, would never offend me, earlier give others a lot, but now, wartime, day and night, you need to work as much as possible, and you take a firm out of it, and you substitute your leg, you offer me to demand money. I, on the contrary, are ready to give a large percentage for this and even lower with cents, Pavel F, didn’t answer anything, he said, I didn’t even think about it.________1843_______walk, but it just happened that Petr Alek didn’t want to work with me and wanted to go out, leave my company, but I couldn’t cope with the old one, I decided to go out, I’m unable to return the ear . ІІетр. Alec, persistentѣ, өgo not. persuade, end Yves, A. Saltykov says ѣ inѣ, if you hoped to be Paul F, to cope, then, to the horse: but it is better to immediately get rid of him and if you think that he is the only one. It will be difficult for you so far, then I will die Vasya to Pavel F., even for a year, I averted, please give him this thought. I am very glad that the circumstances were the same and very opportunely, I did not know how to get rid of him. But now I started from there myself and I just took advantage of the incident and, rabbits - I’m creeping erogo, I don’t see anything, they only slowed down and harmed the case. I.A. 40,000 money, if you need it, hold it for now and when you don’t need it, you can return it to any emya though vsѣ immediately or chastyami.Ya otvѣtil, kak like, many others are very grateful for Vam ҷovѣrіe, and most importantly, you kryticheskiii Would nas podderzhali.Seychas,although we will rise in Petrograd to take account of 67%, this year I am. ., willow at the zakon_ya kam I will send your sunnah for another 100%, and ka konI will return everything in full for a year.. Our reporting years end in September ... then, in September, the accounting department compiled a full annual report in which all the capital due to Pavel Fedorovich’s share was deducted. At the same time, all the remaining goods and debts remain with the responsibility of these three members of the trading house, which remain in the company b8._______1844_______any liability for the debts of the company Liavla Fed. Corresponding inscription accountant. I sent it to the final balance, and it would have been added that for the expired family there should be even more income tax and other taxes, then these should be paid for in half my fee, due to the fact that the sixth month from the date of declaration o exitѣ avla, the company expires. it was only by the end of the year that the recruiter, the amount owed to him, had to be lost by the end of December of this year, when both sides signed the annual report with the above inscription on the final balance sheet. Tavel. to say, in view of wartime, we must not stop production in order to finally divide the factory real estate and to adapt to each our part of the factory, as well as you took the factory. Ivanovich rent about 10,000 rubles. , then take from me a part of the plant for rent. during the war I am up to 20,000 rubles. year., as my factory, twice as many Ivanovichs. And instantly he gave his consent, they wrote a separate home contract, in two equal terms, they signed the parties. Thus, in September, they finally dispersed. A short time later, a salary sheet was received from the tribunal inspector. on income and military taxes, about the last turn of the last day, 72,000 rubles. I sent the ambassador to show this leaf to Pavel Fed. and reported that 36,000 rubles. of this tax falls on him and will be withheld by us and 85 due to him of the capital paid to him 1 paid by the company to the treasury for coverage according to the payroll. In vet Fedovyzval. Vyatskago lawyer Vasiliy Vasilievich Anosov and_______1845_______I instructed him to recover the company’s title at midnight, according to the report, a repenting bitch. I, for my part, instructed lawyer Viktor Ivanovich Lobovikov to defend the interests of the company at the trial of Vyatskon. When the District Court was hearing this case, I wasin the hall, yes, in the number of the public, kind, then V.V. Amosovѣ energy but, defendingө8% interests of Pavel Fedor. and up to 13Q, that, the pay sheeton a catch for the past year: the year he had studied the ear after Pavel Fed left the company, and therefore he was the other side to deny the right to the tax inspector the incorrectly accrued tax, secondly, the inscription on the balance sheet says that Giavel. Fedor. to participate in half of income and other taxes, but it was not said that he should have participated in the military tax, which could not have been left without a clear reservation, such as a solid tax, if Pavel Fed was such a mandatory military tax. I approached Lobovikov and said that it was necessary to explain to the court that: Pavl Fed. there would have been no deprivation of the right to protest and would have given a test and presented books to the tax inspector if the income tax had been paid to the inspector from higher than reasonable, but protest would have been nothing and not in our interests, because the inspector’s profitability was calculated even a little bit of the validity we received for the past year, which can be seen beforetavlennago, su d% annual report.In addition, when we signed the balance sheet of the annual report at that time there was still nothing about the military tax, and in the previous years before the war, we only had practice every year._______1846_______Income tax is exactly what is said at the inscription only about income tax and, in any case, other taxes were added, that is, unforeseen taxes, which should be attributed to the military tax. But Victor IvDobovikov, many rejected; don’t do anything, you shouldn’t distract Amosov, and I’ll say everything that follows to my disgusting speech .. But when the turn came to speak to our defender, eo V.: I. Lobovikov objected very weakly and said nothing% and 8% Рx5 words that I told him 5. The court% announced that there would be no other way out - the black hay was introduced, I left Petrograd%, without me it was announced that the judge had decided in favor of Pavel Fed. completely. I telegraphed to Lobovikov to appeal and transfer the case to the highest court, that is, to the Kazan Trial Chamber, lobovikov transferred the case. Tashkent and I don’t know what it endedOn July 1914, a fox four years before the war, Vyatka prіѣ halkѣ was a representative of a German company and came to us in the village before raw materials, various sorghum. I bought from him for a test one hundred soy, "cow-gray, t. Dry look", not golenykh, the lowest grade for II rub. for poods, for delivery iz from Vyatka, payment of money 6-month bills of exchange .. at that time, no good Russian raw materials were sold - up to 18 rubles. per pu d%, but I am interested in the cheapness of the offer - raw materials, although the seller is German. warned that this sort  because it’s sold for children because the goods are exclusively defectiveWe fy_______1847_______flawed, I didn’t make such a calculation for myself that I decided that I would get it on steel and the Kapogam people, but the rest would be spent on Kuta, which was then valued at 13 rubles. for poodѣ and wool for 10 rubles. pood, so that for all the failures%, i.e. if you don’t get anything on the insoles or outfits, everything will go into a flap and there will be no loss. They brought in raw materials to us at Zavod id®: actually it turned out to be very bad, but still half of the children were in the insole and outfit, and the rest was flaped. I immediately sent a bill. At the same time, he sold in Vyatka the same raw materials of 500 ko: He sent to Nisu # ad Зevich Zonov and sent: ө I have the goods at the same time to eat our goods. direct thread, napi - savt firmle): c. I'ormania, the goods are not owl: then 213 yes to what was the pretext: “the seller, 1 to take reply # 3H13a, 49b, Ilkəka there was mail correspondence, it was announced on howl aa. Germa s. ROSEII ikh correspondence ceased. Khovar remained to lie in the warehouse, the Vyasco-Voleskago shipping company has been lying for almost a year, and REVEALS, as it belonged to 10: the other enemy country, the confiscation and appointment of Vyatka in the Tuberculous presence, as well as the sale of the auction, was confiscated. RUR prices for the 11th day. Day zucci it was declared in the bjar provincial authorities. E. this time: at our factory this is the following: zte inap® I got the raw materials from the backyard and was cut, it turned out it gave a good result, that is, as I expected, more than half turned out to be a cut insole and a good deal cheap cut, and the rest is glossy tѣ, in general it turned out ho_______1848_______good profit. After reading 3: Reservation of the announcement, I went to Vyatka, inspected the goods on the pier of the shipping company, I see that it was a German company and, according to the information in the shipping office, I received information that this part was advised to Denis. Zonov, but refused to accept the sheep, I went to house 1. Zonov asked him why about 8% I didn’t take it and told him that we had such a hatred at the same time, WRITING out, cut it into insoles and got good benefit • 4. C. Zonov ottil that you have a shoe. a factory, for you insoles such a weld is profitable, but for today it’s ntfabri. ki, but on a waggy boot (I don’t fit this raw material, I refused and I don’t need it. I said that if I don’t sell at least II rubles, I’ll buy it. It’s for bidding, I’ve got chrome, I brought Vyat Skie and Slobodskiy kraveven {th breeders, handicraftsmen, eight and one strangers are unfamiliar to a man who was born in Russia, who was Russian, trusted from a Russian company, especially in Moscow, whined about cheaper and cheaper goods to resell many in Vak or to someone else. I went to my office in Vyazk for a preliminary conversation with me, but I didn’t catch it and came directly to the provincial government, 5-10 minutes before the opening of the post-auction. He personally didn’t know me. !! I never knew him before don’t know and don’t see it, bidding began on the first ruble per hour, it reached 4 rubles and handicraftsmen began to lag behind others, and after the last nyari rubles all refused and there were only two traders left, that is, the representative of the other tioskvy and yin until they were valued up to 10 rubles. 50 kopecks. wa pud. Tsakonets Muscovite refused_______1849_______the party remained for another. I deposited money in the provincial government and the money was confiscated by the Russian government and did not go to the German company. The government order due to the payment of goods or German bills was published, until the end of the war, no matter what, no case was paid, the circular government order was blinded to the State Bank at the time of the collection of the bank’s managing committee because it’s been posted at the station, it’s obvious ... ces = tѣ, I’m also asking the same time, I have to account the managing committee of VVVorel, what to do, we’ll have a deadline for us, by the bill on the German-Hero bill anskoy firmѣ but platezh unto Vyatkѣ be mozhet unto day period to make money, at least in the court deposit or unto.bankѣ, securing this payment, the bill will be virno with weak I don’t go to the Russian-Foreign Bank..V, V.wogel opened, you don’t go anywhere, you won’t fly without moving:to be at the bank or to use the bank, it’s better to keep them for your benefit until the end of the war; they cannot protest your foreign bill. After this conversation, I snagged, V. Vyatskoye is not a Russian-foreign bank, the manager is nmnets, Henry. Alexandrovichar Oldekop speak, Vasya entered from us Herman II bill to us. on commission 10, the term is soon. I will refuse him, and I was so awful that this bill will be sent to you in a bank, but managed by the State. the bank explained to us that in no case should we pay a century of mudflows of German citizens before the end of the war, they didn’t protest, on the occasion of the government’s order, but I said. A. Ol decal to tell you, and I advise you to pay the bill on time :_______1850_______although it’s false that it is impossible to officially protest, but it’s not morally not for your interests, so that in the banking sectors it remains to be seen that the bill was not paid in time. I said, against the Ruler with a quick order I will not go, and so far I will abstain, I will not pay the 90th promissory note, and I will also disconnect from the government with the management of the state bankѣA, Oldekop said, as you like, I do not insist, but only in your best interests but, if you prefer tipsV.V. Vogelya, then this is a personal Vale.So $ this bill remained unredeemed for 4 years until the end of the war and, probably, it was already bought after the end of the war, after my departure, yes, Vyatka during the revolution.BUTFrom the moment of the declaration of war in 1914, according to HIGHLIGHTS. all over Russia was banned, for example, the sale of alcohol, for example. for all wine and beer. In Vyatka there was a state-owned wine warehouse, and at the time of the war there was a large alcohol warehouse in the time of the war. During the Bolshevik Revolution, in December 1917, it was followed. Petersburg order, to destroy all state-owned warehouses throughout Russia, to destroy all alcohol reserves; To let the land in or out, etc. In the city of Vyatka, the warehouse for transport was not far off the banks of the Vyatka and the warehouse management ordered that all the alcohol be let out through the ditches, but the river was already thick ice, the hole was broken on ice._______1851_______ cut an ice hole into the ditches and let all the alcoholѣ and 8% of the warehouse po away, hoping that the alcohol will reach. 10 ditches to the ice hole, having connected with water of the river, very soon the river will immediately leave under the ice. It turned out that alcohol, having reached the ice hole, does not sink into the water and does not carry it away with the help of a river’s guard, and most of it is poured on ice, all over the river. The population of the city of Wärka, the workers of the factories, the peasants from the surrounding villages learned that 18 ice was sprinkled on ice. , masses rushed to the river and began to drink here, burning, and the smart ones brought tea cups and bottles, and some bottles, buckets, but not at all, partly when the barrels were dragged to the sledges, and firefighters left the barrels on horsesѣ, so are not the carriers. The result turned out to be all filled up so much that either they got drunk or in the middle of the city, with no possibility of reaching the house. About ten people died, they drank too much alcohol or drunken people froze sleeping on the ice, as they froze over twenty degrees. The whole day and until half-night, crowds of drunken men and women walked around the city of Vyatka, throats weren’t thirsty, they sang, they were afraid that they would brawl and smash shops and apartments, rob, everywhere reinforced police outfits and militia battalions of Kotelnichal , Many residents of the city hastily left the city temporarily in the village. Our children, having studied Vyatka, reported by telephone to the villages of Vakhrushevo, Vtov, Vyatka, not calmly. Apolli Nariya Adeksevna, it was a coincidence that it was in Vyatka, | ordered, put all the children on two horses, who brought in vyatka from the factory goods and returning home with empty tires with bans at the sledge / peasant sanitation so that there was a view_______1852 _______not bourgeois. With mossy blankets, all children were put in rovaal, they were covered with mossy blankets, they walked through few crowded streets, near the Trotonov Monastery on the winter descent to the road, and there we went to the house and walk to the house . However, in Vyatka, on the morning of the next day, everything calmed down, the drunkards said goodbye, some had large amounts of alcohol in Z .. more than chenka or bucket were taken away by the police and destroyed. “Vyatka’s drunken day”, because such a number was formed, that all residents of the city of Vyatka were heady drunk. At that time I was 15 Petrograd and personally did not see it.In 1914, from the end of August, my eldest son, Viken Tiya, had a daughter, Nina, and two years later, a son was born two years later. Victor, at the end of October 1917. Since during the war, you or Vincent constantly visit Petrograd, due to the supply of Intensity), so I went 15 ET year% $ stayed there. , sometimes for 2-3 days, and sometimes for 2-3 weeks and often it happened, as soon as I get back from Pep rograd, as if two days later I would go to the same place again, then I went to the city of Vykyo HTi, Ko At the time of being born to children, we deliberately tried to align it so that Vincent was necessarily at home and indeed, both my grandchildren and Victor and I were born when Vincent was at home, who both cried out at the same time in Petrograd._______1853_______": At the beginning of 1915, the Intendanism intensely called for suppliers of various items of equipment and established privileges for contractorsѣ, and only owners of their own factories were free, they had the right to supply, according to the Governor's certificatesѣ without monetary collateral зал and the tenants of the governors had to, to make ten percent as a security deposit with interest-bearing securities, although %% of these securities remained in favor. supplier, but still it was very difficult for suppliers, especiallyNoati, having limited means, Pledges of virgins with them. the overshoot of the ка ka ?? and talyn was reduced, and there was nothing to buy 'raw materials and lead the production of goods to the factory. The main' ntendant general shuvaөv took this into account and proceeded to the military. At the same time, at the same time, the tenants of the factories should also be allowed to supply factory owners with equal supplies. only according to the Governor’s witness, without monetary liensѣ. 21. Surely, thanks to this dandru Intendanism, new contractors appeared - speculative, never. Having set for arkivs through T, the Quartermaster, having leased a little for water, came to Quartermaster and took a second order, then the standard was normalized now: breeders, owners and regular suppliers are breeders. Of these, Vyatskogo uz da Azihail Vasilievich ironov appeared, having secured from us, he sat down. Voznesensko-iahruktѣvѣ, Stepan Fedorovich Vakhrushev’s factory, the bankruptcy standing after the empty bankruptcy and Stepan’s liro new sculptor f. manage factory production, they brought Siri’s servant from Miropov and put in an item “B1, B, Mironov went to Petrograd, they didn’t know: he advised him, he took Glavchogl_______1854_______Intendstance half a million setsѣ: a sword belt, supposedly the most profitableBecause of the amuu of personal belongings, there are harnesses, maybe they are really profitable, but they need selected leathers and they have been issued for a glossy half-shaft and, in any case. , it’s necessary, with harnesses $ to sprinkle and other small things, such as natotorniki, nalopatniks, HQ For bayonets and covers for crusts, Hoes, More than two different kinds of things, which are more convenient and profitable to cut, and therefore, every experienced supplier tries to take the supply of ammunition still necessarily different subject to more and more small ones. So personally, I took not more than 50,000 belts for half a million, but: for personal items, and 450,000 would have taken another 6 or 7 items. But. Mironov made such a calculation that it was announced at Intendant that 500,000 sword belts were required, and they said that it was the most profitable item, he tried to capture it, assuming that half were to be handed over to different people, 8a to the drivers who would benefit him, and the second half he produces at his own, in a rented factory. But his calculations did not materialize. He concluded a contract, and after ѣ week Inten the bribe again declared that it was required a mill / ’belt for the same normalized price. To whom only Mironov didn’t offer to cede part of the contract, even without use. all refused, saying, we ourselves will take the Intendanism with other small things and amnesty things, and it’s impossible to cut one of the harnesses, it will be unprofitable, V.V. Mironov, was forced to make everything from the web at a rented factoryѣ, Eozil with this rags and a half go "yes, I asked several times, in installments, whether he put all of the contract amount or finally retreated, paying not a penalty_______1855_______I don’t know 10% for the undeliverable amount, but I heard from the quarterly commander I heard that the Portuguese seem bad to Mironov and cannot do without him. I didn’t see his tailorsand I can’t judge how vile it is that he showed a bad deal to the port of Pei. But in the end it turned out that just like in Verkhbitskago, Miro “limited these contracts” and didn’t take any more money from Intend for you, but he stopped the factory and rented the plant from Fedorovich Vakhrushev. Factory back to the Fed. again it was empty and during the revolution Stepan F.yѣkhal’s son-in-law Vladimirom Mikhay Lytktnym in Nizhny Novgorod, and then from there, as if, he left | Siberia and somewhere there, in a small Siberian city, @ tepanѣ Өdo ~ rovich was rumored by a master at a kokhevenny factory% on leather production,. V. Mironov, I no longer rented a plant from anyone, but during the third year of the war, it was as if I bought up the clerks from the handicraftsmen and placed through the true Vyatka Public Committee a treasury for the army, but, as if, one part was delivered, delivered and turned in, the treasury turned out to be false soles, for which M.V., Mironova was tried and sent to prison. How much is this rumor vѣrөnѣ I don’t know and it’s not a brook. so during the revolution, M.V. Mironov found himself in the far east, and then later in New York in Averik, without family and without means.What happened to him next and where his family remained, I don’t_______1856_______In 1915, a troop of the first rank was announced to militia, and persons left from military service were granted the first privilege. From the Perm province, Okhansk district, from the village of Sosnovskago, the first time we went to the factory, the previous announcement was made, the son of our raw materials buyer, Elihail Ivanovich Karelin, Alexander Mikhailovich arelin and asked for a job to get him buying a court for the factory, working in defense for the first time and entering it on the lists of the permanent necessary for the factory, employees, in case there is mobilization of the first benefit, eat it in order to stay at the factory. I was then yes Departure and Vikentiy taking ѣ Al, M. Kareli on razѣzdnyh sluzhaschimѣ. Indeed, a month later they announced the mobilization of the first benefit, the Kings didn’t stay with us at the factory and remained in service until the end of the war. During the deportation of recruits “militiamen and first-aid recipients, the ladies of our village came up with a ladies' charity for distribution to the archives by new recruits, and in addition to the war, they organized a charity performance and tea buffer and collected a private donation. Whether more than a thousand rubles, A. I. Korelin, his wife, son Vikentii and his wife, and N. N. Brovtsyna took active and material part in the collection of donations. Our company donated. For several dozen soldier's boots for gifts to soldiers going to war, the committee bought up several hundred bow and calico handkerchiefs, each handkerchief put tea, sugar: a bag, tobacco, paper and matches and. All this howled out in a scarf in a bundleѣ. When riding horses *_______1857_______through our village, recruits from Slobodskogo in Vyatka, each but one recruiter, from the Society of sobriety, a lady, in turn, was given a bundle, a present, and after five supply, a nerve was given to the next couple a couple of bells, as if happy, and the rest were again knots in a scarf.xѣ , tea, sa har and more,. . B1 July 1915, Xiavl Redorovich was completely happy to visit her granddaughter from Moscow, the daughter of Aronas II Pavlovna. Soboleva,Olga Nikolaevna Soboleva, twenty years old. At that time I was in Petrograd and I received from my son Nikolai .. and 85 I’m going to send a telegram, arrivedregarding such a content: for n_ya: 30 sent an offer to Olga Nikolaevna "Soboleva to enter into marriage with me, I ask your advice and blessingsvenіya. I rejected, do not hinder and willingly bless, but I will have to eat again with Pavel Fedorovich, but who have just been divided with troubles, I should carefully consider this and arrange carefully, without rushing, the patience is good only to flea. I’ll be at home through not long, Il. Vakhrushev. Olga D. Soboleva also sent a telegram to her parents in Moscow at the same time. From her, 11kolai Dmitriyvich Sobolev immediately immediately went from Moscow to Zyatka, for personal and final negotiations. ho my son. I don’t know, having received my telegram, I decided to postpone the matter until my arrival, which he explained to Sobolev, I don’t know, but N.D.co’s father had been ill for two days at our village with Pavel Fedorovich, and he died back to “himself” Moscow .1kog yes I went home I ask the son of Nikolai, what is the situation for Svatova Svoleva_______1859_______realism. replied, very much 1: they advise. - a ride to Nizhny Novgorod, and it was during the fair, and in other words there was an ordinary time, and there was nothing to look at, stay at the fair, I was offered to enter our room. We will shuffle and it won't cost anything, by the way, maybe at the same time they’ll go to eat with their daughters and I’ll take them all for a walk along the Yarıvark “V.V. Vogel thanked me, saying that if they cheer up four times, then blow in, first of August and use your invitations to stay with you, if this isn’t on t Vast, otherwise you will directly skaryit and help to find veryexpensive: # one in the hotel, they’re on a yarnark test for two days Z-3 isn’t just to have an understanding of the World Russian Fair.• Indeed, on August 7-8, Elena Alekandrovna Vogel and her daughter come to the fair and are among them, I just had to drink and eat my bedroom with two beds, and I arranged to sleep onthere was a couch on the terrace, and Koreli didn’t sleep BE laid on the couch, On Days they walked together at the fair and in the main place, they all looked at me: shop windows, various goods, and in the evening, Ya Al. II. Dolgushi Novewhether their restaurant in Russia to have dinner and show the program at the open. restaurant scenes. They went to the restaurant since they were late, eat somepoi te numbers for the stage were gone, we were taken to the center of the hall in front of a whole lot better, and they called the manager and asked if it was possible to repeat the best numbers, especially the big choir of martyrs and artists. The manager said that he had arranged it with pleasure, but it might be possible without special suits., But in ordinary people_______1860_______there is something. A.ІDolgushinѣ says, “already let us eat full with special costumes and make-up, because we have the honor or honor of the Vyatka lady, who has taken a special look at the famous Nizhny Novgorod Fair in all its brilliance, so already try to give us the best the numbers of your scene, but give the epoch to the artistes for the romancing, and eo you, giving him two credit tickets. D% Indeed, while we were eating and drinking, all the numbers in the best video and Ellen Al were performed unceasingly on stage. Vogel really liked it all. On the next day, Trifon Mih comes to my attention, Laptevt calls me to eat with him to have dinner at the reactor. he sees me as Elena Al, Vogel’s daughter and says, well, lietr, most of all you deserve to be in the kitchen, the governing State {} HT didn’t trust the bank even your wife, so I probably didn’t trust my wife like that and I’m not serving, but E, A, Chogel, not only 4th Well, and ft Al, I also trusted my daughter. They joked and understood all four of the restaurant ѣ have breakfast, in the evening we are. Dolushushy nym brought El. Al. Vogel with his daughter in the circus, famous and brightly decorated, and on the next day, E. Al. Trout and his daughter rushed to go away all the time with the departing Vdosko-Volzhsky steamer, I persuaded to go on for another 3 days, until the next day the Kyusharo Vyatsko-Volga steamer went on, because tomorrow or the day after tomorrow the boat steams, my wife and her daughters You’ll still take a walk around the fair and bring it to the theater, but Elena Al. Vogel categorically decided to leave tomorrow, saying that all the money allocated has already been spent and Milochka’s daughter should be on August 15, to begin teaching at the gymnasiumlinen_______1861_______be sure to be at home. On the next day, morning, we still barked at our h хmѣstakh like at 7 a.m., there was a knock on the door, I say that it’s outrageous who is reading early and hard; number and all bu di R'but, but A. I. Korel’s wa va la vom one vomly approached. and pushing back the door of the child, Apolli Nariya Alek is eaten with the two daughters Olga and Valentinoӣ and with them Micah. Al. Al “We’ve gone!”on the terrace, I got up and got organized. Klena A.Z. Vogel shouts through the fence from the bottom of real life: Hello: # those, Alol gi narya Alekseyevna, I’m przdzdom, and by the way today we’ll leave • and we’ll free the wah’s bedroom, otherwise we’ve stayed there and forgotten about Aleksandrov ... In the evening, Elena Al. Vogel and her daughter Ufhala on Vyatsko-Volyaskom pass through Kazan and Vyatka. It turned out when Apollinariya Alexѣ- went | Ena with her daughters from Vyatka, Them. Alec, the Tanaevskiy way said whether to spend many days and ride to Kazan and eat back again. Apolli Narya Alexeyevna ordered to telephon on the ship% to leave three places for her to get her mother’s cabin, as storekeepers, at a discounted rate .. Liu илail Alexeyevich took two weeks to fill the vacancy. When they reached Kazan, the young ladies began to persuade him to take a ride to Nizhny Novgorod and took the steamer back. N, A. Tanaevskiy’s submission was only three days: if there were three more days to go from Kazan to Nizhny Nyago and vice versa, the launch still grab pѣ and thus eat them prіykhalѣ in Nizhny Novgorod_______1862_______a fair at which I spent a week and drove through the railways through Moscow. The Vogels are gone too, me. -14for daughters tookѣ in that state. Tinnitsa and in the same corridor, a small room, so we and the dido of the end of the fair are two rooms.I went to the Nizhny Novgorod Fair in 1915 after “the last day and the last, after the temple, I went on the first place to the fair department of the State Bank and made a visit: to the managing director of the bank, Nikolai Pavlovich liolyansky. Through the courier I filed my card and immediately, immediately, I was invited to the office, I was surprised at the very gracious reception that I would soon find out: moose. Nick. Pav. Pislyansky immediately declared that he had been received from the Vyatsk branch of the State Bank and that the protest was an annuity bills of exchange, taken into account in 1913 by brothers. N. and T. Vakhrushevini, redeemed with interest for your time, thanks to your assistance, and therefore I am extremely grateful to you and ask you to rejoin the members of the accounting committee of our bright branch of the State Bank, from today, and I have already sent to the city I submitted my approval to Vasya as a member of the accounting committee, I thanked and began to "again have a daily meal. The purpose of the accounting committee, and viisto Trifon Laptev, the second member of the committee, as early as the previous year, was invited from the Vyatka governorate A. Zonov, so we, together, pp. D.F., Zenovym, continued to be registered as a member of the body in Nizhny Novgorod.Department of the State Bank until the Bolshevik Revolution, because during the time of the ruler: from the two, I was still in 1917 was at the Nizhny Novgorod fair and talked_______1863_______ambition of the accounting committee of the state bank, fair When my wife and two daughters came home in 1915 to Nie I: the city fair with me and the Rusinovs started again after I went one to another to the fair and the negotiations regarding the start of the wedding ceremony for the birth of Valentina’s daughter Vasily Mikhailovich Rusinov. Since the ecstatic engagement was in 1914 and was about to go, for 1 year., Thought over, but it wasn’t accepted before either the other or the other side, but the flood: they began ultimately to ask HOSH Russia for the final question, but we They still pulled to the end: fairs. lakonetd, after the twentieth day of August, They gathered to eat in Sarov, "Pray again opened. Rev. GezaltIma of Sarovskago. The four of us left: 8 Auto-lane nariya Alekseyevna rhelya 1 Belaya on the yellow road to Arzamas, and there at the train station there were a hundred poisons, eaters with spring trunks harnessed by triples of horses I chose two best triplets of fleeced horses and ordered them to from Arzamas ҳo sarov or Vsevskogo monastery, waitta us day or two and bring back to the railway station. Arzamas Mr. Tsѣ, well, I don’t follow Nudes. Vihali iz Arzamas Utrech, double entryкал kaldy: crew and in the evening, В B5 the same day we arrived at Sarov, stopped at the Manas Tir hotel, we got two good rooms, and the attendants went to their usual lodgers? The courtyard is for convenience {ikov, where it is convenient for convenience feeding lo Іідөй, Ужи нѣ, tea and the next day obdѣ poиниatini, ruby, we were given_______1864_______The rooms are monastic 4 refectory, hotel. Morning on the next day!the day we went to the Cathedral, defended the matins and liturgies, became established. etc .; thickened, but closed the prayer service and memorial serviceto the holy relics of the lordship of St. Seraphim of Sarovskogo We went to the pesu, near the Cathedral, where there was the grave of St. Seraphim, so that they also defended the general requiem, left the conquered, and the Psalm immediately gave us our horses and others, } xe we’ve been removed from Novgorod by pilgrims, we went to the Divvyevsky monastery, and along the way we stopped at the cell’s cell, B% of which there was an early Prepos like Seraphim, 8% of the dugout, because the cell’s hut seems to be built on a dugout dugout later. Lanka, as if, preserved the very one, RT POT. Re vi dѣ how ѣ it was arranged by Do-It-Yourself with your own hands. Seraftam om.After the cell lay Р huge tremendous stone and the stone on which he prayed! The resembling Seryim dim and fed the baptist with his hand. bear.We prayed at the cells, kissed the icons, and then again and again, they all went down, but the wooden and earthen steps, the dugout, where, in front of the icon 7: the holy lamadol stand E and the old monk is violated, the clergyman is revered by all the district residents and leadsthe most strict monastic life. Each pilgrim thinks it is a must to come under the% blessing and many will come to contact with no advice. He blesses all and upon questions, as if, gives: advice. Personally, my wife and I came only under% blessing and didn’t ask for any advice, and our daughters, Olga and Valentina, asked what they have suitors and advises him to marry this wife - hove. The old man advised him to go out and bless ._______1865_______We didn’t get to know the Divyevsky Monastery in many places for a long time, but, on the way back, we stopped at the holy key, which seemed to have many more. pains and pains}} me and my faith, and I receive healing. Liu did not bathe, but only knew how and drank water from the key. Returning to the Sarovsky Monastery, they drank tea and immediately went to Arzamas.roporoy, at the station, the peasants told us enthusiastically, as they were eyewitnesses of the state of the emperor with all Senya and retinue in -1913. The horses and carriages were brought in advance from St. Petersburg and placed around the path ft. Arzamas to Sorov, for: they ѣ went without stopping ѣ at the stations, ѣ, and after every 20-25 faith.The horses were hired and the crew of Khali were farther on, along the way they were placed in the city of Ohren, all the villages were repaired again and were painted all the way from Arzamas to Sarov, and there were a lot of women and girls for free gifts all the peasant outfits, eat it so that both adults and children, by the time of the Sovereign’s retinue, all the villagers would dress up for the holiday, go out of the house by the gate and stand, each near his house, and then these all dress ostalis be a deputy.Lipoѣ8 D. Sovereign, peasants recall how great a holiday for them is, 2 telling them with admiration that they have been honored with it. only see the State and the howl • This is the Royal family, but all of them are mercies - with a smile, all the time we passed, they bowed to the right and left, and they shouted cheers.in Arzamasy, we arrived late in the evening at 9 or 10 o’clock,_______1866_______ - and travel to Nizhny Novgorod at midnight, we had to wait at the station and we poured a drink “After dinner, I see you on the shelves of the cupboard, stand rowanberry, I pay” in the same bottles as rowanberry vodka Ietra sirnova was sold before the war. I walked over and asked if it is possible to buy several bottles from Vasya brandy and what is the price. Did I declare a price and said they can give as much as you like. I was surprised that the price was cheaper than the military, I asked P2. To live 25 boxes of bottles. 10 or 15. Everyone carefully folded the package and carried the KE bag to KE’s bucket, I drank a lot of money, On the next day I went to the Nizhny Novgorod Fair and began to donate to my room, how did it come to us — give Alex 2.81 dr lierp. n, I tell him that in spite of - wartime, in Arzamas, in the buffet, openly sell rowanku Peter Sekirnova and dalea on depaevle, until military, I was tempted to buy a small testicle. Tolguli didn’t say, ahhh if you would also take the trouble for me, I would say thank you, but still treat me, let’s try to buy it, I say, it’s okay, shake it well and take it away. But still he asked, D. 4. Koreli to open the box, and get a bottle, A. A. Koreeli opened the tongue, Toad a bottle of salt, read it, etiquette: without alcohol {{# Zhin’s brandy and says, for example . it was clear that there were several workers from Arzamas, but a tax rate of just 8% of the alkaline rowanberry and I could go buy a thousand butloks. We tried, completely disenchanted, the acidic water was slightly sweetened, Dolgunin began to sow backwards, why didn’t I read etiquette? I didn’t know what to get into, see the valley, I was delighted by the case of the unhampered saleswoman, the saleswoman, fast food and have time to pack before departure, a ride. Of course it's home rubbish_______1867_______ . we were not lucky, we drank how much kvass was left empty, and the tattoos were given to the corridor $ -officers.- At the end of the fair, concluding an entire trading day. for, finally, the Rusinovs said that our daughter, Valentina, had finally decided to extort money for Vasily Mik. Rusinova and we are all set up by the whole family, at the end of the fair, w / o, go with them to the village of Bogorodskoye, show them. ice-cream Apollinarіi Aleksѣevnѣ, which last year was not with us in Bogorodskaya .. The Eusinovs were very happy with the guests and, by the way, invited Alexander Petr to visit us on time. Dol guni ma. The latter willingly agreed, saying, with pleasure pleasure. I feel good, that’s more, chro ҳava speeding praise 400 Bogorodsk factories ѣ, and we, a hundred! In our country, no one has ever seen the village of Bogorod skago; we do not know what to make of it. 31. V.Rusinov to say that after only one seized factories were opened, I’m on the safe side ... I’ll say that you don’t have anything to erase, you don’t like any, Bogorodchans can be proud not of quality, but of the number of plants. , only one figure of 400 factoriesѣ, loudly elevate our business, and we don’t have to get up anymore,, You arrived in the village of Bogorodskoye s. Russia is new and I eat Dol Shinim at 10 p.m., it was) dark, the streets were not lightened and not paved, I ate a bit of dirt, impassable dirt on the side, sidewalks were nowhere now. fetid.IіrіE. Khali 23% reached A.P. Rusinova, entered the hall, A.P. Dolgushi addresses: Kh.V. Rusinov, is it really so dirty and evil for you throughout the entire village of Bogorodsky, that’s why didn’t you need any power catch dirt on the streets or they don’t see this, why_______1868_______ .. they do not integrate you. Change the angle from every factory corner to you, and close to stand the factory house of the factory owner) x, apparently - all 2 You grab your own factory and smell your factory: some stench, like a pig. We have not only in cities, but and in jealousy, without revealing anything, not admitting it, vtrym. He froze the manager for such disorder. Ia what to tell you, We were at the plant of Perra Adeksandrovich and did not see any such dirt.M.V. Rusinov spread his teeth and say, well, the guest, well, and the post, I knew I wouldn’t have led the beam, I would have told the truth right away and the pig was saying: I compared all the Bogorodsky breeders, I won’t be justified, and even if we have to attract sanitation, so, give me a hand, although all 400 breeders had to send him to prison, and therefore, apparently, the authorities waved their hands to all, did not pay attention, let each of their foul smells slander. .After spending the night at the Rusinov’s’s house, it was finally said “to make a wedding in October in the village of Bogorodskoye, with all of them having a private visit to the village of Bogorodskoye, we will update our dates. When the village of Bogorodskogo.On the next day Rusinovna; {{and our horses, they drove us to the pier of the Oka River, and from there we went to the Nigga city fair and started to get away to Vyatka “Before I went to the fair, I met with my fair. To the bank VMatvy Moiseevich Gli - throw / older brother of the brothers. Glikinykh, who in the previous year, refused to hand over much of the raw materials of the 3% of the bank; he sent some people to take me to my guest room and say if you want to;_______1869_______Obtain a Turkestan Zalkovsky tannery and military dipping workshop at full speed and 30 full contracts. Since po on it will be sold at the auction of the cake for Khlgi after the bank of the roto Twa, Auction is appointed to azani, it’s possible, through: } іc and accelerate or pull back a little further, I heard about the volume of the workshop at Zakhya 3. TourRestan district, and I was interested in it, but I didn’t know the details. T_redlozhenie, Al, Glitches on interestbefore me and I said, this question interests me, but, on the go, ska, ask you yes or no, malleable, not conceivable, Service. Мї msya, appointee oprelong time, go to wine or I’ve got to your place, go B12 restaurant 125, BE (we’ll eat breakfast room and sit for an hour, talk in detail about everything, Pti, or do you often go to breakfast. I’m ready to go to the web the number said that they should have breakfast at home with me, and I already had breakfast in the restaurant and said only one serious interesting meal.For breakfast I set. Glikes, well, the question is: have you seen this factory and the military uniform workshop, and what are you and VV. - Do you personally relate to the prots: ҳѣ of this property, why did you, and no one else, sent me a proposal, why you are offering it, and not to anyone else, 1. Meliki nv. Ril: personally, I didn’t see anything - neither water nor Mastrka, but I’m living in Tashkent to take Yakov Oishevich, the outfit workshop is in the city of Tashkent, and the leathery envy is in the city of Samarkand, Of course, if you decide to buy an auction, you should do it yourself Station + pay outfit »workshop, backwaters and balance sheets to! yig. In і brother Yakov in Tash nektѣ in tra. Rit and yavrovat Vas in uniform_______1870_______ workshop, but rъ go out with you to Samarkand and leave the tannery. Now I manage the hearing on behalf of the administrator nistratsiy Zalma, formerly we are living, and I personally am the administrator - I’m the director of the Zalmovo administration, as we Having turned around, Zalm remained owed to us. Go and collection of creditors, having established adi nistratsiyu, elected the tenor di rectoradni misratorom. I thought the mouth was like an az! Minister, I am eager to extract from and use the means of peeling. At 10 buyers for this property. At the last Van’s request, why I offer L% Vav, and to no one else, I’ll say frankly that last year, more impudently misunderstanding, I didn’t wait for the raw materials handed over by brother Boris, it always lay on my heart that I acted unfairly, not commercially, but? You finally killed me, calmly reacted, and didn’t row through the court to hand over the goods, which you are good for. whether full right, to Ti-ni-Vi they bribed so much that I consider you to be a zone komensant, out of the box. Vyatsky x factory workers and, although slightly, make amends to you and first of all, go to the offer to you and if you yourself don’t want to buy, then maybe it’s not necessary for someone from the Vyatka factory owners to to no availI hope you will say frankly and impartially. On the other hand, I went to the Governor of the Bank, Nikol Pavlovich Ioliansky, from Vyatskiy on Anѣ pointed to Vas de, and from Kagan to Alafuzov, but these are the last things I have They don’t take an interest in the Turkic military district of $. I thanked for my frankness, said, I’ll think it over and_______1871_______I will consult with my sons and some more I will take it and, perhaps, Zikh: 01 I want to go to Turkestan, to inspect, for it is a military uniform. I have long been interested in t. Besides me and Kete, anyone who buys - those who are willing to come to a competitor and at auction cakes. M, M. Tltiki said that, frankly, there are few competitors. Admi - nistratsiya Zalka negotiated with the Zemsky soz om, which they had: in Turkestan, they are holding a bracket and canned meat for ar ”mii. To them, that is, Zelesoyuz, the First Quartermaster offered to open in Turkestan military district a tannery and supply shoes for the army, at least during the war. Zems (293 ался contacted us, heh: who’s to buy immediately while you use it during the war, didn’t they explain that, to the 110 balance sheet, this property is numbered: it costs 137 one million85 rubles. If you want for this price, then we can immediately sell Vak for .000.000.000 rubles, and if deklevl, then without a loan, sell Adni Nistratsia to them: er right to “Put those on auction without finding any competitors, then only one currentPatent Zemedі33 to buy for nothing, we sometimes will not appoint one. auction auction day,When you inspect and agree to participate in the auction, then we will appoint a trading day and you need to reckon that, besides, you will bargain and fill only Zemsohez, and hardly anyone will compete anymore, if we stop this - lis if I decide to go to Turkus to inspect Zalmovskoe and. society, I’ve lowerly preliminarily eaten 1. M.I’s faces in Kazan or in Moscow, where they have a permanent office on Nikolskaya ulitsa and Matvey Mois himself. Glikes are often there, growing up with *_______1872_______Glikin, I returned to myself in number and to come to many Alec. Shet Dolgunshin and Gerasim Kgafonovich. We’ve checked in, koskovskі i kupatzol gushi to say that we’ve been waiting for you for more than an hour already, it’s been good that Gerasim Araco has come to you and offers you an interesting offer: there’s an opportunity to buy an air conditioner in America but pr. De chіk to buy, he would like to consult with us, and if it’s good, then give in, a solid partner, and get a deposit. zt.nu, he does not guarantee the path normalized by Intendanism, price. Listen, I ask how are you at a loss of currency, if the buyer is overpriced with Chice, then you will need to bother with the clerk "Stw razrenenin for a golden smack. G.A. lipo-quotes, I take upon myself all the money from the received currency, we already take it I am willing to buy dollars, and to you about the gift for cash at a normalized rate and an offer for your money, for 28 rubles each and you will seal up the money when the goods are bought in Russia, when you are in port , Petro grad or Arkhangelsk. For now, give us those promissory notes in accordance with 10: take into account at your own expense, and give Vadi Me a total of 11 knots in which I have paid 5, which I received from Razvo neog bills, which you will redeem from the bank only upon receipt of an American? ps; {olany. I answered I believe that I find this proposal - we’ve eaten myk, t. Alt, so that the Quartermaster apparently doesn’t have enough soles for all the Russian Salt shoes, factories, and they won’t be able to write Pizamerica themselves, but if we eat the altoush eat you 5,000 each in the amount of 280,000 rubles. poo dová under the okhiva in half, then whether you’re on child immediately 10,000 poods. soles in America 2 can you immediately take into account our bills of 140,000 each_______1873_______for the conversion of dollars. GA. !! Rovatorov, open til, not tofo tөF. although it’s a millimeter on your bills, we’ll take into account a merchant’s bank, a bank, and the soles of New York always find how much money there is, just give a dollar cash. 11 Having spoken to each other, you at Dolgushi nym decided that there was no clue at all, because it was already clear that there would be a shortage of Okhiva and the raw materials became more expensive. Subordinate breeders have already applied for an increase of HERE% on the sole with. 28 rub up to 35 rubles., and therefore, for us: 40 not to miss the opportunity to immediately take advantage of the offer of the ilravetopfov brothers, 3 they told Geras “Atalonovich that we should buy 5.000 units through you for 28 r conditional, according to the quarterly ond. undermines, 05 delivery of either the city of Arkhangelsk or Arkhangelsk; Prepare a naked note by the evening tonight, and we will prepare for you bills of 140,000 rubles, in the evening come to us we will arrange it, and then we will go to the restaurant for dinner. Evenings, both brothers Geraіnі m and Dimitry Agafonovich іlporotorov came and brought a copy of the letter 5% of two copies of the Russian collection of mudflows. Dolgushi n and I signed on the one hand kakupupshіі or. Yes, your order is on the sole, and the Pravotorov brothers both signed as a seller ie, or, if you didn’t accept the obligation, to deliver the American sole for six months and, in addition, should you pay an advance in total amount of bills: 280,000 rubles, co-obligation: if within six months, the sole of the skin from America will not be delivered or will not be handed over, then the bills from the bank Pravotorova dol: We redeem ourselves or replace with our new bills for another 6 months_______1874_______those. re-account due toѣ Pravotorovyh. They gave them promissory notes and went on a special reservation to guest II of Russia.For six months, the Provatorov brothers did not attend: ѣ the sole and 35 of Ankerica were delivered, and, in addition, the Petersburg port, in the event of war, was closed for importation of foreign goods into Russia. We had to agree :: p.I Travotorovs to send from Moscow: the company full of veins of money to Arkhangelsk and give them new bills for re-registration for 280,000 rubles, again for six months, with it. The Prakhovorovs agreed, when the goods were to be delivered to Arkhangelsk, they, the Pravotorovs themselves, would consolidate the sea tract and the Eznu vale, passing it over to them and the further shipping. There is a shipping company, so that we crawl ourselves according to the textures .. For this, come on, you have to give salhi ісъ ъ і Arkhangelsk and di 110s to give an experienced ear: Tsags, and that for us it wasn’t very good to eat 4 o, because it was connected withtami and expenses and loss Ерөwe neither 81а 10ёЗдку Horopago hear, and bulg ears нъ. declare, I have done at least 13: 0 to send no one. But as Kakya in Russia according to: The Aries Kli mustache was promoted to Her, then the Malkini from Derzia were not considered to be of interest to our people. I said Duty ears, well, prsh_l: 0 for Arkhangelsk for program A. 11. Korel on which you can’t eat everything, don’t eh: e wenya, but you don’t have any ice, “he Take a trip and say goodbye A. N. Tolgush say yes, do it:: 5 two x Go, if you don’t interfere, then I will charge him at five and :: 00 tiartі go, and races: odes for until ҳөryaganie Kings on the day, lim half I gave dallasie, $ indeed the goods profit was withdrawn by Averiki only in the second half of Ні і кала 1916. You sent A. 11. Forel to Arkhangelsk for both vmki and gіє e dispatch unto_______1875_______Vyatka of the whole party at 10,000 poods, eat tѣm, so we fed honey already in Vyatka.Upon arrival at Arkhangelsk, A.I.Koreli did not show his acceptance documents to the shipping company office. He was told at the office that the goods had arrived and, at high tide, had been unloaded onto the sand of the customs yard, all the sort without sorting, there , chrome. Your go, there are still many plantar horses and for others, not cleared of import tax, just go see for yourself, if you are new to take your own, then take it and carry it now. A.V. Korolpn went. I saw enormous loads of different goods — ditches — on the customs yard, several times and all the way to the skin, about 20 ki, because some of the ropes were framed and torn apart at the time. Here, the skin with our letters, shows the docs In documen, but with our vadyadyutoy right there the skin was completely eaten by letters belonging to different firms. A.M.Korelin appealed to the customs official when I can, on these documents, accept koyai, if we have proper one, for which the tax on freight for the official has already been paid, say, indicate which goods, if they need to be dispensed by crane, please take now, and if they are in the middle. ” , then you will have to wait two or three months, until we sort it all out and move it into warehouses, then hundreds of thousands. pudov, we can’t dismantle it one, two days, but we have few workers, we don’t have to take extra workers, people were mobilized and went to war. Chi Novik turned and left ..And, And, Koreli began to go to the customs yard from morning till night and staying there, watching how they sorted geth: goods. I saw that they put the plantar skin t% only with lіteroӣ_______1876_______the client has one bark, and in the middle, indiscriminately, who got into a pile without counting the number code. and tұEKB lay aside, in that party whose letter on the upper sheath of the bale, Heads, it’s a sweep in the court or the ranger, a small official. A. L. Koreli got acquainted with him; offer your services for free to at least sort out the plantar kochai belonging to the people. those. trusts Koredi to “Vovsovschik agreed, thank you, if you want to, work, beat, but do not speed up Vinoy’s ethics, Kings didn’t take letters to the front with and without letters, which is better than the last 16th century. they packed their heaps, but they packed it at work, giving them tea carefully they carefullyand at the expense of ko in bales, so as not to be less than the number of koi, shown in fakurѣ. Potol Kings invited his new acquaintance vson dick in a restaurant to have breakfast and drink, Having made friends completely. Korvlіnѣ asked the counselor whether it would be possible to expedite sorting in any way, at our expense, at least working as the same workers for their extra pay in the evenings or on holidays. Вовсовникъвѣ - Phil, I look, you are a good guy, kind and experienced. Shala will not regret a thousand rubles, then I will teach you how to send one day, you will sort out everything and leave, even there will be more money left. A.V.Koreyai said, if you can do anything useful and accelerate your fun, then maybe a hundred, teach me, I can’t stand it: I don’t have to pay any expenses, give me a thousand rubles, I’ll pick you twenty or three twenty people working workers nadөhңnhѣ, pay% 5 rubles each for: kandago per night. In the evening, after the soup, when all leave customs, they will be locked, I will let you through the well-known many things to the hall_______1877_______the courtyard $, and the workers will already be hidden in advance, the moonlit night, during the night, try thirty women to show how you need Van, skin and all morning so that they are packed in ecological KI from above, on each. Ekѣ, your skin should be your turn. No one will check the number of leathers in bales and all will not be checked, and if they are ordered to check for exposure, weigh a few currents, then I will charge and report that there is a slight gain. there is, but Kokhi taped on wet sand and damp. At Chen you prepare 0% in the evening for: / D. cars and movers. I’ll inform you at night that your entire party has been set up, I’ll get a number to release, and you in the morning, before the moment of opening the taxescome to the women's court, stand first and Vad first, everything will be released until I come to another client.A. 11. Korelin, now, as Yenu handed the required bag, and they all decided to send the worm for two days, during which Kore had procured 10 or 15 car wagons. 90xө for additional costs. The workers, as cooked were cooked, the money of all the workers was paid in advance, and it was said that% of all 10,000 poods of soles should be selected and packed in one night, and Koreli promised three more rubles per person for successful work. , for the treaty of an over agreed payment,Everything was done according to the program, the Widower’s night at night - he went for korel now, through secret passagesѣ, brought him to the courtyard, indicated n bvihihѣ, the work of serration and packing began, they took a pain: they dragged the skin, and Korelin stood and fake, indicated the best on the right, but Native on the left “K „s morning, at four o’clock” everything was packed_______1878_______the exact number of bales registered on shipping documents and according to Savouraz {3-hours, the customs adapters gathered, customs officers opened the doors. A.M. Koredn was the first to come in, present steam documents, saying that the entire party, according to these documents, was sorted, please release. Go to the office and make a note, it’s also noted that the entire batch was checked and is free to be exported !! At that time, everything was loaded into the delivered wagons and the railway railroad attendant sealed the wagons, and by evening A.A. Koreli n gotzhel, Dor, duplicates sent them to Vyatka by order. Letter by. to the address of our office, and the vykhalt himself, according to his order, to many. Nizhny Novgorod Fair.“A.N.Korelin, on his way to the fair in 1916, revealed to A.11. Dolgutin that he didn’t want to stay in Arkhangelsk for 2-3 months, incurring, at your own risk, the expenses incurred for one and a half thousand, but I sent everything in one week, in any case you won’t be at a loss, all unnecessary expenses will be covered by yourself, as the quality of the goods sold, as well as the number of victims, I asked if there would be a claim from me either to anyone or to anyone how they will hand over the sole horses to the rest of the clan tan. If they have less goods on account or by weight or of lower quality. Kop ate explained that a similar question. he asked the family member to the counselor whom he said, do not worry, we just know all the following documents on the number of bales and their letters at the top, and for the quality and quantity of measles and contents in the bales or shipping_______1879_______The Customs will not distract them, because the goods have been taken in fabric without an on-site inspection, but if it turns out to be a malfunction, then, on a legal basis, it could have dried out during the past few days.But we, in particular, didn’t need to worry, we took the exact number of bales and according to the weight noted by the newest 3 duplicate duplicates, which carefully showed the total of 10,000 pounds, so if we began to check for good, it’s expensive . , then there’s a tampon door, we didn’t take a single pound of lipniar, so I already worried about the Arkhangelsk railway, door, and the freight station.Duty un thank you A.A. Korelli for, and I gave him a gold watch and a watch, which we hiѣstѣ chose in the storeѣ Moser under the Mainѣ Domod. The calculation for the sole from the Provotorov’s was made a day earlier, issued by bills, which, like Raz, the time has come for the condo on August 1916. We bought them in due time, which ended safely and settlement, for the general pleasure, both sides, without all - kakha underdeveloped. The Provotrovs on this part of the sole also made good money, almost without the cost of their capital, and the bank borrowed from taking into account our bills, and we earned more of them $ American on the spot, as during the course of the year the normalized prices were already taken up to 35 rub. for pood.At the end of 1914 or in the beginning of 1915, when our daughter Lelya was still in Petrograd, at the Bestuevsky courses, I was in_______1880_______ іtrogradѣ on delivery supplies to the army. It happened that I did not? succeeded | to claim money, as two holidays approached, not public days, and there were also no lectures at Bestuzhevsky korsakh, Lelya, who came to my room. Перед daily before the holidays, I tell her if you want | take a ride to another time and nakѣ and see your friend Natasha click woo. For pleasure, I agreed, but asked me if I had to go on business and how long you think we would go by, I explained to her that I had no way, but before I left Vyarka, Vladimіr Ivanovich Tselkovinvited me not to forget them and somehow visit Minsk, I promised him to visit Minsk at all costs, as tomorrow is Saturday, Sunday, and Monday are not public days, if we leave tomorrow, noon, Sunday otgoo * :. tim they have, and on monday we’ll come back. about extreme peace I took it from the word, I myself do not like it, those who thoughtlessly give the word knowing ahead that they will not be able to keep it. When I gave him the word, I came back: in sight be sure to fulfill my communion, moreover, I have given such a word to the plantar breeder in Warsaw, Mr. Pfeiffer, to visit nөgө vѣ Warsawѣ on state 5.1 and thought when I went to Warsaw, then I would come back and B2. Sinsk-sawkova, but until this time I couldn’t get together, and to my heart both of these conversations are with Yonya, Here you are at once, although there is one communion of the performers, but, if you allow time, we will ride to Warsaw even to Warsaw , on one de nөk: Въ | Saturday, at noon, I went out to Mi Nok, where we went on Sunday morning .. after viv, click and his daughters were delighted, he continued, still living as a widower, still widowed by E. Vyatka, he was all about to secondly go for a thread and herself over daughter Delu, and she gave him back, Bn_______1881_______mustacheyears are equal to dad’s fight, and I’ll approach the groom younger when FOOD arrived, he says, that she and I have not been married, let’s play our wedding tomorrow in Minsk, for she disowned that she was not imposed, but she didn’t. къ Natashѣ prіkhkhala her school friend and. the whole conversationѣ turned into a joke. In the evening V.I. iləlkov ​​iriglas: for the guests of his friends and co-worker and introduced us to his friends and some friends. We spent the night at his apartment, in the morning we went to Delhi and went to Warsaw, where we drove early in the morning, at the station we hired a two-pillar harness, harnessed a drawbar, and at the same time we went to the factory to get a gorgeous flight. ” Out of the number of factory owners I was familiar only with my elder brother's son Vladislav Vladislavovich. Pfeysa'erѣ.• At the gatekeeper’s factory, I was escorted to the factory’s office; I was there. Vladislav Vladislavovich also told him that he had gone to you according to the given words, just and even with his daughter, but not for long and had been out of Minsk and this evening I was settled. with the first departing train in St. Petersburg, and the stream we are directly about. the station arrived at your place without stopping at the hotel. If you allow me to leave you with a bug for a few hours, then you won’t take room 14 at the hotel, but if it’s not convenient for you, I will recommend the closest hotel, I will contact you and will be back from Canada, and I will send my daughter% Izvoshchikov to the “center” of the kind, she doesn’t have to buy something, Vl, Vl. fteyher said, you won’t let you go, now my servant at carrying syudavatѣ bugging, and you | we’ll go with our daughter to drink coffee, and in the city% we will later_______ 1882_______ “Your daughter is on her horse, and we let go of the purveyor.” If you stay the night, then we will find a room for Vad, find and bring. Two employees.at once they brought nap bagah, they calculated a twist and Lelya came to the office, and Vladislav. Khladislavovich led us to an apartment. Soon his uncle the old man came to the same place. Stanislav Stanislavo vich Pfeifөr. The nephew recommended us to add, this is the main friend of all Vyatskiz factory breeders as our company, as well as to our friends of St. Petersburg plantar breeders, as well as our great customer, we sent him a% of the goods to Vyatka. Starik Stanislav very pleased and it’s very nice to eat your part personally. If I were younger, then Obya. it would be nice if you would have a nice visit, but you don’t have to pay a debt, our well sons or nephews should be replaced. To Vyatka | it’s far, I said, but on Vladislav’s Vladislavovich’s place in Petrograd, they used to bring salt before, and God will continue to do so as to be friends and lead the role and, for mutual benefit, to do business. 0: 0 ; 11fөytker returned, thanks for this, we | Dorokhk 8% by my customers, the authority of your company is very much appreciated abroad: especially in Germany, especially in banking: in the realm of business and in general.ll coffee old man. S. Salleytser asked if you would like to inspect the factory, then I myself will raise everything for now, and Vladislav, Vladislavovich have to go to the city now, and for your daughter we will now send out our employee for rent all over the city, it will show up Warsaw, and then come back to the shops, so that she needs to, if her_______1883_______addresses are popping up, I began to refuse that I didn’t want to spend time. To take them away, she has all the addresses and she entered the server. Starik S.S. Ska denied. Yours, you offend your hour, you don’t cause any difficulty; It’s the other way around, we have a good host to be a little bit useful for Bt.93, but we won’t allow you to save money, since we don’t feel sorry for God, thank God, we have horses. The servant came and reported that he had gone, we all looked, looked at the front porch two luxurious spans, sa bearded with trotters, the first invited my daughter to eat and eat. l hearing, and in the second village Vladislav Vladislavov ич vich and obraletka) left the yard, and I, accompanied by old man Stanislav Stanislavovich and his youngest son Vladislav Stanislavovich, got into the factory. as it turned out, they were issuing not only plantar goods, but whether there was an insignificant amount of soft, recognizable goods. When we walked around free of charge, I saw how they removed Madi Aoi’s wool and without sorting, and where you take this wool and how much you can get for it. The old man to take it away to take away one of those who are worth a penny from the skin, but we are glad so that he, although for nothing, take away yes .. he neatly cleansed the place, i.e. neat he sometimes doesn’t appear on the basis of ө nadөdѣ. For us, I say, Vyatka шер wool: it is removed not by the machine, but by the hands with iron blunt knives and sorted necessarily according to the colors, once piles and immediately washed with fresh water%, then EPEC Paet snou all imu is frozen, and in the spring again perepolaskiva etsya B5 vesennem razlivѣ rѣk, dried on solntsѣ and get a very good coat for shaft nok and we vyruchaen for her article on the ruble._______1884_______He thanked him for his frankness, but expressed regret that they couldn’t do anything because they didn’t have anything to do with it. koyau on our nѣ -transparent a big drum, I will fit -You’re rubber, I’m a pack, loving and saying, I haven’t seen such a machine. in the factories. Lingonberries ңykh and Doipov, StarikSt. S. Pfeiffer Gorit, of this new machine is still in many factories and we have it, not long ago, not .. for nothing. You paid attention to her, I see in Wad% "• the surface is experienced, You quickly learn that it’s good, that it’s bad. How friendly it is for you, if you will ever work on the plantar skin at your factoryѣ, be sure to eat raspberry raspberries first and foremost model, I advise you to write down the number, this car is from the American factory of the Turner, I thank you for the advice, but we will never work on the bottom leather, and therefore there is nothing to record the number for. But: old man. Art. Faker insisted that I write down the number and tell my son to go to Turner’s tag, tore out a sheet with a picture of this car and insisted that I go through the papers, maybe sometime.We went to the plant for two hours and the time came to breakfast. we left the factory and directed, to a one-story chic house in which the old man was left. Stanislav, Stanislavovich, I’m going to eat next to each other, and his son is going to our place and smoking a cigarette for a day was sunny, summer, dry and slightly blew in ter. I noticed that the young Vladislav Stanislavovich threw a wooden cigarette on a wooden pad the sidewalk and the malia have voluntarily stopped taking a step%_______1885_______back and flood, the Tal cigarette butt quickly again caught up with $ old man Stanislava Stanislavovich. He stopped, looked around and, seeing that I had trampled not paid off the cigarette butt, turned to his son and said: Look at someone you take, take it I understand that you can immediately see a good ҳ0 zaystvennnogo man, not only his good, but also someone else’s mechter. If you don’t abandon you, but you don’t have a cigarette butt, he immediately realized that a thunder spark could carry the tree to the target, overflowing the building, which can cause a fire of 7%. So, I’m saying I’m at home to strictly follow this, I’ll kill you and don’t let it go ahead, don’t throw cigarette butts on the streets and watch for others. Ita went to the office, I stop and start to thank you for saying that and for the factory, Stari Stanislav Stovori, it’s not necessary to take my arm, you must, says, give the old man the honor, fast my house, eat salt and meet our whole family; Soon 12 o'clock, now go from the city Your daughter and my nephew, all of you will have breakfast at my place : We entered the house, the mistress met the old Vika, we dressed smartly, we met, I apologized for myself and my daughter, for our traveling bones, Cherz: 1/4 or half an hour all gathered, Yelya returned and, delighted, let me know la that, having eaten with enormous pleasure, she rode all over Warsaw, she was shown all the sights of the city and, with a laugh, told what kind of a stir, they sent, they saw the Jewish quarters on the g-carn trotter. There are a lot of handicraftsmen є zreeví sold for several times small items, lace, decorative linen, artificial flowers for different occasions for dancing and pay portals, which are from central_______1886_______ Russia, VE of this part of the city of Lөlja already had its own price of Warsaw with her sister Shadow Butorina, who has a hat store in the city of Petropavlovsk ecchin to handicraftsmen, and to accent something, but inIn the quarters, no one ever showed up on a splendid flight with rubber tires and a trotter, so that all the Jewish women of the auction * gi and the children surrounded them in a crowd and questioned them onnih, why did such a rich client come to them and, it seems hilil, each of them wanted to sell more, and she bought very insignificant trifles and soon left, leaving all disappointedAt I o'clock, the Pfeifmemer family gathered together, kromar the step of the son of Stanislav Stanislavovich, also called Stanislav, and his wives, who seemed to be away, to the cottage. The landlady sat down on the chair and invited me to be with her I’ve sat down on the other side, I’m young. Pfeiffer Posadiace I will get by myself. Breakfast is delicious, served with all kinds of ѣ snacks ’up to grained caviar and lots of booze, eat red and white wine. At such Iodal Duck Negro, in France and in white gloves. Breakfast forI ended up buried with fruit and champagne and toast, and then everyone turned to guinea, where they drank coffee with liquors, 0 commercial people spoke only abstractly, and not about personal commercial business, because I didn’t at all trade for them. For three hours we began to say that it was time for us to go to the station, and Vladislav, Vladislavovich.1887_______1887_______neboPfeyfkhter say, we’ll never otitis up, we thought you were going to leave today. I had already telephoned the best hotel to prepare two rooms for you, and in the evening we would like to treat you NOT to change the Polish language. , now I am sending to take a dock categorically protested, we already “abuse time by walking around a guest. Today we share. We would be in Iletograd, each one at our own place, and we will only be there tomorrow, if we are not late for the fast. Z d, for tomorrow I have an urgent deal in Petrograd. Thank you for your kind welcome, but we cannot stay for another day. Old man Stanisla z. Stanislavovich said very sorry, I still wanted to provide you with Eax, but, of course, I did it first of all and you should be out in the morning, then hold you back. It would be a crime on our side. Vladislav, Vlado ordered to prepare lokadas and take them to the stationѣ, I tried to dissuade them from trying, but to no avail, Vladislavѣ Vladislavovich held the door to the station until he left the train and stayed with us. In the morning, we were already in Petrograd at our place but then I still felt that I hadn’t stayed "for another day and didn’t look at the banners of the Polish operetta, but I didn’t really see the city of Earszawa in reality, I only knew the streets along which I left the hall to the factory and back.. Almost a year later or more, when the Germans stepped on Warsaw in 1916, then the feyffers evacuated goods and other property from Petrograd from their factory. Accompany all the evacuated property, the older son of old Stanislav Stanislav was left with his wife. They stayed in the hotel of England in the square_______1888_______ - St. Isaac’s Cathedral, but I was at that time. BE Petrograd hotel Grand Hotel, on the street Gogol, in front of the hotel Paria Пари. Upon arrival in the country, S.S. Pfeiffer began to telephony in the state of Paris Paris, asked them to leave Aleksandrovch Vakhrushe wa for them, because he knew from Vladislav Vladislavovich that almost all the breeders of the breeder had apartments in Paris. Porter Open. - the style that yesterday V.A. the hall, but we don’t have a free room and it seems that it’s stayed at the Grand Hotel opposite, and the view of the Vyatskys’s ad is A.P. Dolguni tires.Xuanislav Stefyffer thanked and came to my room at the Grand Hotel, I didn’t see each other and didn’t see any signs, he revealed himself and said that, on the occasion of the evacuation of Warsaw’s kind, I had gone through the goods. First of all, you should find your father and, if not, go to the city, then telephone Vyatka or even go to Vyatka and offer you everything you can sell, so that you can set the price for everything that exists on the market At the present time, or, in general, at your discretion, I asked what kind of goods you have, how many. If the sole, then, of course, I pritzu normalized prices, S.M. IIfeyffer to say all the goods for more than ten wah • okovno but there is something from home and factory property that you do not suit. But there is a sole Kokami өstѣ and cut, even stamped, There is a soft boot shoe cut for var, boot leg for soldier’s shoes, there is a flap and a shelf .. I pulled out a texture from my pocket, filed in, then look for yourself whatsuitable for youѣ take away, and what does not fit, indicate to whom to sell_______1889_______On the next day, I sent on a separate sheet all the extract from invoices, put down prices, for all official toyar, normalized value, on gloss and split I was 10% cheaper than price, about what I sold my goods to, until lower Having calculated the result, it turned out to be about one and a half thousand khrbles. In the evening, when S.S. Pfeiffer came again, I showed him my extract and said that it’s about that total, but I consider it fair to offer you to drop 2% for him, because to bring the state goods Om of Petrograd to Vyatka, and loo kut and joint venture ilok to Moscow. Far away, the sole, of course, you buy at the normalized prices and we take it at our own expense and to Vyatka, and the soft-blooded goods we donate to our treasury with this normalized value, finding you our money and spend it without spending, and yours will change the goods, but nevertheless I want to please Vap and give the opportunity to sell everything at the official normalized price and hard and soft, with a discount of only 2%. If it’s to satisfy you and you decide to issue bills of exchange for exerat periods, each of 10 or 15 thousand, then I will take it for you all the cards, but if something doesn’t suit you, then I will eat it out of the blue, be mousy , we take it all in half. Hundred, Otan “Pfeiffer said,” it’s better to take one, I. I find that you too much are going to give us a chance, I’m ready to take away your interest, not two, but five percent and the terms of the bills can be extended for a year or a year and a half, the main thing is that you saved me from all sorts of cold, I will order tomorrow not to redo everything You, in your decree. employment, and you write home and in tioskvu to your commissioner, all _______1890_______ To check and weigh according to the invoices according to the received goods, sweat. I’m sure that everything was loaded into Warsaw, and it could be a mistake. enter the bill and everything, and some who pray bewilderment and make a mistake of not getting invoices, we hope that you, without haste, will bring everything in order, before reading: 9th and translate the sha, so you all will compose the bill again and send me vetograd bills or give personally yesterday to your transfer here. I will stay with my wife until the end of the war. I thanked him for his agreement, took from him a% list of invoices, for which there is no need to pay: cut and discount on cut goods, soft flap and snap - 5% lock, and on the sole without any discount ..Д% іс that is, by checking goods at the place, it turned out thousands. ten rubles more, Czech was listed in texturesѣ. About a month later, I again went to Petrograd, reported to him that he had turned out to be out of excess, and gave him a full settlement of bills every month for ten months., 03E The parties turned out to be very pleased and .By this time, Y. V. Vetrudugrad did not learn To remove Totma, the Vologda province from our supplier, Koril Vasiliy Andreevich Sokov іni for three pallic jam, for beet jars 15.20 pounds each. packed in my sister’s boxes and about my sister Anfisa Aleksandrovna II the last one from the Vyatka province, Orlovskogo, and the small marinated mushrooms in the new bottle / bottle in Petrograd, they are very appreciated by the order of Alexander Nikolayevich Brusnitsyn, Moscow, bring him from Shoskva Ot Ferey - to perfume lily of the valley, two bottles, per pound, I scattered and unscrewed, eat. I’ll take pleasure in taking it away, but I’m surprised that you are ordering weight and you’ll_______1891_______firewood, neuheheliy VP Petrograd ѣ have such a spiritual spirit or foreign, you want it to the bottom to me. Ah, I. Brusnitsyn saidѣalmost a bundle, I ask you seriously, of course, if you don’t bother it, because you’re trying to get such a spirit, Ferein’s Moscow, on Nikolskaya, buy it yourself, so die what kind of perfume I’ve gone for my own commercial affairs Moscow, before returning from Moscow, back to Petrograd, went to Fereyna bought these perfumes 20. bottles of 10 rubles for a fountain bottle. Trivaz in Petrograd and began to “make his friends” give a bottle of perfume, a jar of fallen jam and a bottle of Vyatskys ryzhikov. First of all, I gave all of this to Pfeiffer’s spouse as well. When I wear Varya and Rykhiks, I wonder why it’s so special that you really can’t buy such jam or saffron mushrooms, but they take it because of it, and then seeing you, they ask, where did you getsuch charms, when we didn’t Eat such jam and such ryh - such as, and spirits of merry, On top of the order I gave Brusnitsy well, so* * Iә - 1 spouseѣ Griv.Koshurnikova and her kilemyannitsam, ako imova 1, c.wife and daughter, wife and daughter of a member of the State Council, Al, Syrova took and stipulated that there was no reason to "jam from Vologda, enter it every time, as long as I could, I had to conceive every day on the apartment and seeing me from the office, shouting his Lena and daughter, to the office, go down and thank the culprit, whose spirits you now have perfumed and ate his delicacies and palette varneny and Vyatka markets today. Mother and daughter enter the office, yo ball_______1892_______nyh dresses, gathering at the ball. Morskoto gathers, get to know me and thank and express that they are very touched by your reddish New legs, which for the first time tripled here and from where you could get such things. A., li “Sarnev offered me a lot of fun at the sea ball, but I ended up not having the right suit, fra. ka and Smokey Yaga, and secondly, I'm not a fan of petting at all. My wife, who wants to be there today, I sent somewhere today. Atelnitsa, sister of Bivshao, was found by the Intendavs of CJSC President. Dyotvitel: but Catherine Nick Kudokha persuaded Apollie to narya Alekseyevna to go to the sea ball to look at the highest aristocracy, all the brilliance, the city, and the naval officers happen annually. Once I parted in the year, and it was furnished very grandiose, sometimes it happens, let the highest church in Petrograd be confirmed for this ball, not everyone is available, because tickets can only be obtained by patronage or a lot of the great river datsіy. At the ball Al, II, Syrn. wa trѣ, tilѣ Atollinariyu. Adeksievna also says that he called from the year of your spouse, but they refused, and you over% regret that you got here, there is something to see. Today, Vannѣ spouse - treated us with such delicacies that we were surprised that he got all this, as he has his friends and women everywhere !! "He’s from different areas, which is the best.Before the war, I brought to the factories and atantant proticsiki officers from the regiment, who had passed the completely quartermaster courses, and e ... * 1915, officers began to partially replace the officers_______1893 _______nicknames of war. When napam factory was already at the beginning of the war, it was sent from Petrograd to the boot of boots% of the ordinary official-inno ner. Alexander. Sergѣ өvchSemenov, lѣr. 35 and about forty; Very energetic, able-bodied, resourceful, witty, and a merry fellow partly engaged in literature, he wrote at the end of 1914 a book annexed to the Quartermaster’s journal “Tuda”, it stated that military officers, having gone through commandant courses and know the whole military system, Now they are sitting in the rear busy with black work almost for no special purpose, sorting out different goods at the factories ”, and the soul and all thoughts aspire there, where they could show their valor for the benefit of saving the motherland, work for the front and catch To practice their military knowledge and knowledge of the Marendant economy with uniforms and supplies, the army sold food at the higher and F} tenant courses. , mobilized for wartime, who passed accelerated three-month quartermaster courses. The number of days was: “Send to the factory today send Vladim1r. Adeksievich, Vladimirov, a very correct respectable gentleman, an energetic employee, very strictly and without selfish attitude to his dutiesѣ, he was at our factory with no need ... 3: 13hunny things and there were times when he worked 12 hours a day . He had such a rule, no matter how much the breeder showed up for the day, to take things by the evening, each receiver had two soldiers, an Indian soldier, B% help for sorting and cursing the name Nyln klemon, atom_______1894_______These soldiers, through two mdnln m3, nyalis, i.e. transferred from one plant to another, i.e. to another primer, who came to the soldiers, it was their turn to work for our vaz factory, they were exactly like that, because they really didn’t like it, because when they worked, they were very tired and they didn’t take surface work, transferring only goods, but I tried it, it’s necessary to browse it carefully, it’s not empty. ѣ When sorting, it’s not necessary to defect the goods and in vain not to reject them, and if you don’t show the defective goods again tomorrow, then you’ll have to do one thing two times, and in wartime, every "should be used in accordance with miңikѣ Al, 0, Semenovѣ, of soldiers on Oschnikov made. sort only vtorostepennyya parts for construction sarіorѣ, and moreSerious frequent, such as suspect and vantekіy shoe goods without any. sorting looked through itself odgotѣ tyr emіshchik zauryadѣ bureaucrat inthe wife of A, C, Semenov worked at our factory until the end of the war before the revolution, and in the last year of the war he was married to the daughter of the Sloboda brewery Peter Iva, Alexandrov, on Turner. Petro vnѣ Alexandrova. The wedding was at night in the temple of the national village, a modest village. At the time of the beginning of the revolution, under the temporary Government, they began at the factories and chingas for workers. Al, Ser, and Varvara Petrovna Semenovs spoke at rallies, sometimes as speakers, and sometimes it is not miserable against other speakers. Ova they were progressive !! for beral views, but spoke in favor of continuing the energetic work of Fota supplying the archives and for continuing the war until the end of the war. It is possible because of their presence, in our factories during the temporary control of the workers there were no worries, and work went on regularly regularly. as well as during the Tsarskozm Iі government, without a howl_______1895_______Intan tribute wailed during the war and the food of Urmmi, with the nabh: enіl chl1.Dame, meat and read food products, all prices were normalized and approved by the military Sovѣtom. All new. the tweezers were obliged to give bread and furays only to give you the treasury - according to the normal - leveling. For meat harvesting, the main Intendant is Sam Pohalbegan 1915 throughout Siberia to Irkutsk, inclusive paragraphs 11 livestock and huge canning plantsthere was no such backwater, it was built in the city of Petropavlovsk, Akmola oblast, the second in Omsk, then it seems to be .. Semipalatinsk and Irkutsk, I personally saw slaughterhouses and canneries only in liərpoilavlakm. and. Sergeyevich or our son-in-law, the past, then the voice to us from the city of Petropavlovsk, told me many times that the head of the General General styvaevѣ tyrіavav in the city of Petropavlovsk demanded to collect an urgent draft thought. The vowels quickly gathered and tried to persuade the method, orinha a very formidable general. to present to the city misbehaving or be demanding. It must be unanimously torn and not to yield to its demands. When the mayor talked about wings, stagnation: Dani, the first word was given to General Rally Shuvaev, who had been busy for about an hour, stated that Petropavlov’s place in Siberia was filled with an old cattle-breeding point to the front of the war. Here you have a livestock conquer, primitively and little. For the army it is necessaryto create a huge model slaughterhouse and three state-owned canneries, so that a huge number of canned meat_______1896_______immediately went to the front to feed there our razors and sons fighting for all of us, Russian citizens .."I hoped your city to first of all build such a plant here, at the expense of the war of the homeownership. Hope you can help your homeland, and you will help me a lot, and I’m sure you won’t become to deny that building 10 is the most suitable for it and, if so, allot land and land for building an exemplary slaughterhouse of a service plant, for a fee at a fair estimate, or even free of charge, of course, voluntarily, and not forcibly If you prove that Vasya has such an approach box, and upon inspection, it turns out that such is the case, then the government, in this case, requisition, ear 35Your demand. In the event that if it turns out you really have enough land, then we’ll build a factory in the neighboring towns, a Kur town or a drive, and you will have to take livestock for you and take it away from you plant%.Already during the speech of General Shuvayev, there were vowels that 70 the interest of the city would not be overlooked by such a building, which, after the war, would go to the city, but for now we would not deliver cattle to a canned factory and sell cats to run cattle for cattle. "There was a five-minute break, in order to refresh the spirit of the audience, during the break, the vowels advised us to tell the city head that they were ready to drink the empty soil outside the city, near the main yard or generally not at all. .those:_______1897_______Having opened the continuation of ambush, the mayor expressed, on behalf of the voiced vowels, thanked General Shuvaev for his energetic concerns and for the fact that he had made the proposal to the first city of Metropavlov unanimously slaughterhouses and a canning factory for the military commissariat all the required land for the city of Petropavlovo KO.Generalz Shuvaev, from the person of military crime, expressed his full gratitude now and their profile 7% interest. rohl builder how to choose more suitable place, as well asfurther robot for the care of livestock and the work of the cannery. After this, she said goodbye and left and so did not cheat; canneries were set up at other points. SabrriWhen I went to the slaughter houses and canneries in Otaska Vetropavlovsk in 1916, they were already working full time, some hundreds of the best, fat flesh and a cow were killed forever in government wars, all this was done automatically, but only one was transported secondly, the blood immediately rinsed and drained the third well, and the carcasses of the meat, suspended, were aired, and then the cannery moved% ... In all the slaughter, exemplary cleanliness, no smell, no stench, and no dirt.At a canning factory, carcasses of meat are chopped into pieces that are divided into different varieties, sorted and stacked in a friend’s pulp mass of chyanka and, by weight, each meat is put into each can, ө_______1898_______redap, hindquarters and brisket. salt is put in by weight; root vegetables are seasoned. The can of the canister moves by soldering, fuses and moves into the boiler. The can of the can is boiled. The can is boiled for a certain time by the clock, hangs up, packs in wooden boxes and then the train is loaded and the train is loaded. , and from there on to the front.It’s extremely interesting to see all this at a place in two ways, like everything is solid and quick to do it, like in a fairy tale, like a fairy tale. soldiers to the front ѣ I will be 7% щ there are cabbage soup or wrestler E548% of fresh ѣ first-class meat directed to the best rootdant, to say more often than not, that most soldiers never gave - at home such peace in peacetime,In September of 1915, in the second half, we’ve been a sibling, we went to Kukhnіy Novgorod and the village of Bogorodskoye. Only a few children remained with the teacher, who drank and studied in 5 Bases. Management ө zavodon and allѣ dѣlosh was entrusted to ankhai yes bіt. rovich Ivanov. Vistula with us came to Bogorodekov to celebrate the wedding of the Rusinovs, not our daughter’s daughter. Dөl M.A. Tanaevskiy Nov_______1899_______ sister of Anfisa A. Platunov and daughter Zinaida. Our eldest daughter, Gen. P. Butori, on the other side of Petropavlovsk, especially for the sake of my daughter’s sister Valentina, who left the room of V.I. Rusinov and Ivan Eloskva pr. Bogorodskoye’s wedding was attended by a new cousin, Ivanz Alekseyevich Kavendi, and his wife Nika Nikolaevna. Because of my son Vykentii, I invited Alexei Petrovich Gvozdeve to eat with me. and fun, anyhow A.V., Gvozdөv was a big merry fellow. "All of them came to the village of Bogorodskoye at the end of September, at the same time іrірkhal iz from Petrograd, our companion for Shәrensen Petrograd factory Nikolay Ilavlovichѣ Krainykh. All in the afternoon, we were in the house of Rusinovy ​​b, we hung out there, but we only went to spend the night. In% of the first days of October, a wedding took place; last night there was no storage of the village of Bogorodskago, in which the king of Covini. Starotoy bnl Liidhail Vasilievich Rusinov. At the doorway, the 81st day of the wedding, we all attended the diturgs and celebrated a doleben, so much attention ө turned the routine on us. the church is old, it was introduced as a rule, by even parishioners or prchѣkhkhins. at the request of the elders, the party or the specially assigned for this malvikat served the mat under% of the foot. Such a rug from the church was prepared in advance, and this, of course, was paid free of charge, as special attention was given to honorable persons and the last evo, naturally._______1900 _______morally obliged an increased donation in favor of the tree during the plate collection. Such rugs were filed under% of the foot for all, We subsequently asked Rusinov if there is any kind of introfor the church, from undermining your new knowledge, ak like npedya. Rossip in churches, I did not meet this. " Church elder Y.V. Ru ruzinov said, all these rugs are personally cop and a boy serving them to our employee, the church does not bear any unnecessary expenses for this, and the plate collection, through ao, the rugs also increase, then if you were buying, then eat pazbytkots. long ago will cover themselves.In the evening at six o'clock in the evening took place, after Kocho Rao, the newlyweds of the zakhalі dzѣ church in the Rusinov dosha, Paradise 1you rubbed the bride and groom with 9% bread salt. BEІilt• for a cup of tea and everyone went through. half an hour at a club at the ball at the club, a lot of guests gathered for the meeting, but most of the parents, relatives and friends of the Rusinovs, the club, we stayed in the front for 5-10 minutes posture because we were all in good condition: at the ceremony when they were born1 1, so that the 8% dose of the Rusinovs, they managed to burst out, recover and the front 35 woofs, and then they burst in pairs and stinked in the big hall, just right the newlyweds, and behind them, parents, etc. pair 10 or 15, Everyone stood in front of the atoll covered for a walk. At the entrance, she began to play, muses ka king15a genuine good brass band three-nodal champagne all the way to the bosom of yaah and all the guests 12 came to approach the newcomer and their parents 8 to accumulate, congratulate and check the glasses and This reminds me. After the custom seen by the conquest of the wedding of Alexei Pavlovich Wahra_______1901_______seam. Dozdravlenіv lasted more than an hour, .. the guest was about - two hundred people. Then, everyone was invited to the table to dine, allwere put on the cards at the indicated place, the party lasted -} three hours with a drink and a lot of loo. Ilo graduation, chambers--We also served liqueur and coffee, often in the living room: most of them had to go outside, by coiling, the old people settled in the front corner while they removed the malls and prepared the dances. The company is old people. all the time they drank coffee and liqueurs, pouring continuously on one another. By the end of the dinner, after the toast of the best men, oh son. Nicholas and take the new Brachnago Alexіya Mikh. Rusinov announced to half-received. with congratulations telegrams. Tannin lasted until5 o’clock in the morning..IIotod% of the newlyweds drove the Rusinovs, and all of us% of the guests, the guests were taken to Russia novskih horses for the night or for the guests staying for the night IIіrіkhav in numbers, we all gathered to one room we started to raise Managed by Ivan Al. Kazenin, but soon finished and dispersed in the steelальн. The next day, at one o'clock in the afternoon, they drove us all to Rusinov’s lady to the factory head, after breakfast at Rusinovskia’s horses, they rode around the village of Bogorodsky, together with the newlyweds and all new relatives and the Rusinov family .. a hundred of them have a wedding trip We drove a step along all the streets of the village of Bogorodsky in ten Crews or more .. On all. the streets, of course, there were many foreheads of the tortured eyes of the public, but they all stood quietly and quietly on their side .. near the houses or the fences politely bowed and none.BUT